title,selftext,subreddit
Baths to soothe the nerves,,Androgynoushotties
It will only hurt for a second 😈,,Androgynoushotties
Sometimes I feel like a stereotype.,,Androgynoushotties
Threw together a lil Hufflepuff costume for our friend's Halloween party last night 😋,,Androgynoushotties
Collar and cuffs 🖤,,Androgynoushotties
suited up,,Androgynoushotties
Thought I looked a lil like Violet from The Incredibles 👀,,Androgynoushotties
😈👅,,Androgynoushotties
AAA,,Androgynoushotties
Sweet Dreams,,Androgynoushotties
A flowery foray,,Androgynoushotties
Finally decided to start living life as myself. [21],,Androgynoushotties
I’ve never felt better about myself than this pic I took a few weeks ago,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling complicated,"When I was younger, I always found myself attracted to tomboyish women who were confident. This usually lead to me having crushes on lesbians more often than straight women.

Just for context- I am a genetic male and the world sees me that way. I am okay that people call me cisgendered even if nonbinary may seem like a more accurate definition. I sometimes feel like I want to be a girl and other times I like being a guy. I am an attractive guy to others but I'm also a masculine guy. I don't find that masculinity attractive. I would love to look androgynous. I think who I am as a person is both a guy and a girl's mind. That mentality. I don't care whether the world accepts that or uses any specific pronoun. I just want to be happy with myself.

My presence here also has much to do with satisfying my curiosity. I love having a better understanding of why people feel and behave the way they do. Understanding others helps me better understand myself. In the past few months I've picked up an interest in researching quantum computing, quantum mechanics, and quantum physics. Everything is quantum. There is so much I don't know about the subject but I try to learn as much as I can because I strongly believe that it's only a matter of time before quantum computing becomes mainstream. And when quantum computing becomes mainstream people will stop thinking binary. Classical computing operates on a binary system. Which has worked great for a long time. When people feel that qbits are common sense they will have a better foundation for understanding complicated gender identities and sexualities.

Binary thinking enforces this fallacy that if you aren't one thing then you are the opposite. That's a fallacy. If it isn't day time than it's nighttime completely disregards early morning and evening. Quantum physics makes it understandable that something can be YES and NO or 1 and 0 at the same time. When something is measured, it collapses into a state of 1 or 0. I encourage everyone, especially people who are interested in a more progressive world, to research this subject.

If you understand our universe, you will understand the humans in it and you will better understand yourself. You and I are the same. My right hand doesn't stab my left hand because it is different. Two parts of the same whole. Find someone who believes the opposite of you. Understanding someone who you disagree with will make you stronger and could possibly encourage them to better understand you. The right hand and the left hand can lift so much more together than they can independently of one another. 

I love reading about conservatives like Steven Crowder and Mark Rubio- not because I agree with them but because I disagree with them. I am a neutral person. It's hard for me to empathize with the right or left because I feel for both sides and wish both sides would aspire to be more tolerant of each other and better communicate with one another. 


",Androgynoushotties
Going to the barber is my favorite androgynous hobby,,Androgynoushotties
"Winter geekqmode, because I'm cold ;-;",,Androgynoushotties
So this is one of the photos that got me onto instagram’s Explore page,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit well here?,,Androgynoushotties
Benny boy and I,,Androgynoushotties
"Cuddle day with my cat, Tuesday. My best friend for 12 years now!",,Androgynoushotties
I’d like to introduce myself.,,Androgynoushotties
Why hello there this sub again! ;3,,Androgynoushotties
"I'm just gonna post here again ,cuz you guys makes me feel good and my dating life sucks lol",,Androgynoushotties
Good evening &amp; Good naughty night to all you beautiful people! ❤️❤️,,Androgynoushotties
why do birds siiing,,Androgynoushotties
I like bright colours. Andro enough for here?,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling classy in this autumn wear,,Androgynoushotties
On the hunt for more suits,,Androgynoushotties
"Don’t smoke with strange Papi’s in badly lit venues, unless it’s me.",,Androgynoushotties
"Sometimes, gender isn't black and white, but sometimes, it literally is 🏳️‍🌈🏳️🏴",,Androgynoushotties
Any questions for me? Ask away.,,Androgynoushotties
[NSFW] Really digging the bralette and bulge look... but too shy to show my face!,,Androgynoushotties
no jewelry in this photo... i might as well be naked (ft. my rack of major gay shoes),,Androgynoushotties
"Not sure if I'm hot, but I'm becoming more andro and this blazer/hoodie monstrosity is my new favorite thing",,Androgynoushotties
"Last one was an old pic, this is from this morning (I spent over 20min on my makeup, usually I average 0-5min)",,Androgynoushotties
Looking tired as heck. But I thought I would stop in and say hi.,,Androgynoushotties
Evening ☆,,Androgynoushotties
I think I just want to look like the guitarist of some 90's grunge band.,,Androgynoushotties
Halloweenie,,Androgynoushotties
Whaddup,,Androgynoushotties
need advice: should I wear makeup? i feel like i should but i don't want to look drag. thanks,,Androgynoushotties
Should I keep growing out my eyebrows.?,,Androgynoushotties
Was feeling really cute recently (they/them),,Androgynoushotties
I was feeling confident today,,Androgynoushotties
New here 🤗,,Androgynoushotties
Purple hair!,,Androgynoushotties
My eyes looked nice today lol,,Androgynoushotties
Got my first skirt!,,Androgynoushotties
Love Me For Meeeee &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
Desert cowboy,,Androgynoushotties
Random photo at morning s:,,Androgynoushotties
Hope all of you beautiful hotties are having a wonderful Saturday! ❤️😘,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling super andro-cute in my work outfit today,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit here?,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling self confident ❤️,,Androgynoushotties
its hard for me to accept femininity in myself sometimes but remember you're all valid and beautiful 💕,,Androgynoushotties
"I kind of want to grow my hair longer on the sides, but I also want to get a buzzcut. ??",,Androgynoushotties
Its my day off and ive just been being lazy with (M)y dog. The Facebook filters are always so cute,,Androgynoushotties
Keep it or let it close up?,,Androgynoushotties
"I’m old, grey &amp; femme now, but six years ago I perhaps qualified",,Androgynoushotties
Is this red head boi andro enough for this sub? 🏳️‍🌈,,Androgynoushotties
"First time posting to this sub. Learning to be comfortable in my own skin, rather than struggling to look and feel feminine.",,Androgynoushotties
Rocking my favorite outfit to work!,,Androgynoushotties
80 degrees out in October,,Androgynoushotties
Boy problems,,Androgynoushotties
"It is I, your spirit guide enby, here to take you toward the mountains",,Androgynoushotties
Other people: *Look charming and dapper and normal* Me: Hi I don't fully understand how I have friends,,Androgynoushotties
I look tired af!! Good lighting tho,,Androgynoushotties
I like posting here to see what people think.,,Androgynoushotties
Old school cool,,Androgynoushotties
"Kinda bummed that I didn’t get a callback from the modeling agency but oh well, their loss!",,Androgynoushotties
new septum jewelry!,,Androgynoushotties
"Bought my first pair of “women’s” jeans recently, feeling liberated!",,Androgynoushotties
The filters make for a much bigger mystery,,Androgynoushotties
Hi. My name is Dax Cleo Androrion FKA D.A.B ❤️😊,,Androgynoushotties
Loved wearing these dungarees out today!,,Androgynoushotties
Fae prince,,Androgynoushotties
Just a bit new here,,Androgynoushotties
The first selfie of myself i actually enjoy.,,Androgynoushotties
The makeup artist was sober,,Androgynoushotties
Fresh,,Androgynoushotties
I like to think I blur the line a little bit.,,Androgynoushotties
Tuesday Morning :),,Androgynoushotties
Snapchat helps,,Androgynoushotties
Im a Bad Witch.,,Androgynoushotties
Finally cooling down outside,,Androgynoushotties
can i get uhhhh fuckin haircut,,Androgynoushotties
"Selfie from July, inspired by summer heat. Haven’t been doing much makeup recently since I’m feeling more masc, but damn I’m quite proud of my work. [transmasc, they/them]",,Androgynoushotties
Goth boy all glammed up,,Androgynoushotties
Two-for-one deal!,,Androgynoushotties
Emo,,Androgynoushotties
Trying again since my last post didn't go through! Hellp I'm new here!,,Androgynoushotties
Learned how to tie a Half Windsor,,Androgynoushotties
megane,,Androgynoushotties
Loving my goth vibes lately,,Androgynoushotties
Fresh outta the wash &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
I just love androgynous beings so much.,You aliens rock. ,Androgynoushotties
Marcel Kawczynski,,Androgynoushotties
Bored @ home NSFW,,Androgynoushotties
Hi! New to this thread c:,,Androgynoushotties
Off-Duty uniform :),,Androgynoushotties
POC Androgyny: B. Scott killing it on this Rolling Stone cover,,Androgynoushotties
HHN28,,Androgynoushotties
Why hello there ;E,,Androgynoushotties
so happy I discovered this lil community! here’s me lookin angsty,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling so many masc and femme vibes,,Androgynoushotties
"Work Photoshoot earlier today, too sexy? no?",,Androgynoushotties
Nancy Boy,,Androgynoushotties
Me.,,Androgynoushotties
Here's that smile you all want + my regular faces,,Androgynoushotties
Found an angle and a smile that make me feel charming,,Androgynoushotties
Still proud of this beard c:,,Androgynoushotties
Bought my first choker! ❤️,,Androgynoushotties
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE SUB!!,,Androgynoushotties
"Yoooo, haven't posted in awhile",,Androgynoushotties
This was way too good not to share it with y'all,,Androgynoushotties
"What’s up, I’m Kal, I like dressing like a boy and making hard eye contact with strange girls",,Androgynoushotties
Been working out and doing stretches... :D I can finally do a split!,,Androgynoushotties
"Moved to a new place, got a job at an ice cream shop, livin it up",,Androgynoushotties
Really enjoying the positivity in this sub!,,Androgynoushotties
Guess my gender and you get a prize,,Androgynoushotties
"I don't know, you tell me.",,Androgynoushotties
Feeling myself today.,,Androgynoushotties
I hope you feel this outfit as much as I am,,Androgynoushotties
High light,,Androgynoushotties
obsessed with this sweatshirt right now!,,Androgynoushotties
A boyish gal,,Androgynoushotties
"""Post 6 hour warehouse shift"" looks (ps: the fanny pack is full of smuggled catering muffins)",,Androgynoushotties
I can be ur gril or ur buoy,,Androgynoushotties
I need some positivity today 💔,,Androgynoushotties
I'm back after some guy hurt my feelings LOL,,Androgynoushotties
Probably my favourite clothing combo,,Androgynoushotties
Birds? (Birds),,Androgynoushotties
"I'm so into my new cut. Best impulsive decision at 1am, ever🖤😊",,Androgynoushotties
Brow pomade is tricky stuff,,Androgynoushotties
I did a thing to my hair!,,Androgynoushotties
Andro me. :),,Androgynoushotties
Two androgynous hotties for the price of one updoot!,,Androgynoushotties
Enby genderqueer seeking friendship and support,,Androgynoushotties
Really embracing the new haircut,,Androgynoushotties
Bad boy.,,Androgynoushotties
I miss my old haircut,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling cute at work,,Androgynoushotties
Dramatic Lighting,,Androgynoushotties
I wouldn't call me a hottie but I'm definitely a boombalottie.,,Androgynoushotties
"First post,Hurricanes are lame.",,Androgynoushotties
Fresh cut confidence,,Androgynoushotties
Pretty good for 33,,Androgynoushotties
Best home dye job I’ve ever done! Always wanted to be a readhead :D,,Androgynoushotties
I love crop tops 💜,,Androgynoushotties
Going to a thing tonight and descided to pull out the big guns 😼,,Androgynoushotties
Red polo on brick,,Androgynoushotties
Is my body feminine enough yet? 💕,,Androgynoushotties
Freckle friendly makeup (x-post r/nonbinary),,Androgynoushotties
Tatted 🤘🏻,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling cuter today than yesterday. Hoping to feel the same way tomorrow.,,Androgynoushotties
"Dressed as an elf today, what y'all think",,Androgynoushotties
hi hi. i got some shorts.,,Androgynoushotties
goth boy 💔💔,,Androgynoushotties
"I don't have anything witty or original to say so... ""hey""",,Androgynoushotties
I've given up on shirts,,Androgynoushotties
My new bleached buzz and dark eyebrow moment. I feel like I leveled up.,,Androgynoushotties
Thank you everyone.,"This might be a little bit personal but thank you everyone for posting here and just being so in tune with yourselves. As an androgynous girl, me being gender-ambiguous has always been one of my biggest insecurites, and it’s been getting worse these past few years, to the point where I actually dislike being in public altogether because of how I look &amp; the looks people give me because I know they don’t know what gender I am. 
But you are all helping me embrace my uniqueness (sorry if that sounds cliché/corny) or maybe I should say you are helping me embrace androgynousness x) Either way, thank you all. seeing how good looking and stunning you all are gives me so much encouragement and helping me with my social anxiety and I feel a bit more confident now. Again,sorry if this sounds whiny or personal... 

(also I’m more on the shy side so if I don’t respond to your comment I’m not ignoring you, I read the replies I just can’t reply due to personal reasons)",Androgynoushotties
Show my androgynous hottie some love,,Androgynoushotties
went to vegfest decked out in primaries ❤️💛💙,,Androgynoushotties
tried some new makeup ;^),,Androgynoushotties
New makeup look (sorry for shitty Android camera),,Androgynoushotties
Snow White [nsfw],,Androgynoushotties
90s kid hair.,,Androgynoushotties
"This is for you, you know who you are",,Androgynoushotties
On my way to a picnic.,,Androgynoushotties
Your favorite bathroom selfie barista,,Androgynoushotties
Autumn is here and I'm all for the LAYERS!,,Androgynoushotties
Howdy,,Androgynoushotties
Forever with a foot in each realm.,,Androgynoushotties
Hello From Harry Potter,,Androgynoushotties
Another one question mark?,,Androgynoushotties
Rocking my fav croptop,,Androgynoushotties
"I'm not allowed to shave until we get married (I promised) but I can still try to be androgynous. Was never allowed anything not hard masc but came out as gay and since I'm kinda homeless and growing my hair out yee 😄 Painted nails, learning eyeliner, learning lipstick, all of it 😍",,Androgynoushotties
Look at this stupid hoodie I found. What if my belly gets cold hmmm?,,Androgynoushotties
Hullo frens. Its your girl again back with a fresh cut 💇💁,,Androgynoushotties
it’s that time again where I have nothing to post but myself on this sub,,Androgynoushotties
Glaring,,Androgynoushotties
Went out presenting non binary for the first time and had so much fun!,,Androgynoushotties
Hello.,,Androgynoushotties
Colorful Friday,,Androgynoushotties
Im a wabbit squeak squeak,,Androgynoushotties
"hi, it's toj again 💞 this sub is full of gorgeous people",,Androgynoushotties
Felt pretty and andro,,Androgynoushotties
In my PJs (Goodnight),,Androgynoushotties
just wanted to show off my outfit (plus i felt kinda sexy),,Androgynoushotties
Been a while. Life has kicked my ass so I changed shit up. What do you think?,,Androgynoushotties
I wanna be a handsome gorl so bad,,Androgynoushotties
"Was nervous about cutting my long, feminine hair but I wanted a change. Do I fit in here?",,Androgynoushotties
I just got this jacket and now I'm a prince,,Androgynoushotties
"Sleepy as heck, long time no see",,Androgynoushotties
Really feelin’ the new haircut :),,Androgynoushotties
Last night's bartending look,,Androgynoushotties
Current mood:,,Androgynoushotties
These $4.99 sunglasses from the Halloween Bootique are really doing it for me,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit in here?,,Androgynoushotties
A lot of people recently have been telling me I look like Tom Holland. What do you think?,,Androgynoushotties
Get you a girl that can do both,,Androgynoushotties
Thoughts?,,Androgynoushotties
Love this mesh outfit,,Androgynoushotties
Gender me?,,Androgynoushotties
Hi there :),,Androgynoushotties
Feeling cute today ^.^,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling a bit androgynous today,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous Prince: Alternative male model Valentin van Porcelain,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling good about the muscle I am putting on! If you enjoy my posts follow my Instagram @apocalyptic.moo,,Androgynoushotties
Is wood elf a hot enough look?,,Androgynoushotties
How androgynous am I?,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling more confident with myself everyday,,Androgynoushotties
Would I qualify for this sub? 💕💕,,Androgynoushotties
Was told I should post here!,,Androgynoushotties
Mods are asleep ! Post some real androgynous people,,Androgynoushotties
Its a sunny and andro day,,Androgynoushotties
It's much too hot a day to be this fashionable,,Androgynoushotties
The classic bathroom selfie,,Androgynoushotties
"Houston Dash: yes, please",,Androgynoushotties
Found a Modern Vampire,,Androgynoushotties
Seattle couldn’t handle me~,,Androgynoushotties
Was told I look andro recently,,Androgynoushotties
"I had the opportunity to model for a photoshoot, I've never had so much fun!",,Androgynoushotties
"If I have learned anything from Tan France, it's button downs.",,Androgynoushotties
hi again,,Androgynoushotties
Borrowing a colleague’s office,,Androgynoushotties
each time i change my hair color i get a lil more comfortable w myself :),,Androgynoushotties
Had some looks yesterday,,Androgynoushotties
"Bought a new hat the otger day, feeling cute. :)",,Androgynoushotties
First post ;-P,,Androgynoushotties
Hey guys :),,Androgynoushotties
Comments welcome! I’m exploring androgyny and loving it,,Androgynoushotties
"Was told to post here from r/piercings, so hey☺️",,Androgynoushotties
I'm feeling this hair colour tbh,,Androgynoushotties
Blood Elf 20 lvl 🧝🏻,,Androgynoushotties
I really miss this haircut,,Androgynoushotties
Classic vibes,,Androgynoushotties
Someone on r/hair said I should post here. So I am!,,Androgynoushotties
Back in (blue)Black,,Androgynoushotties
a friend did my eyebrows,,Androgynoushotties
My drag king skills are improving,,Androgynoushotties
Felt good about myself for once:),,Androgynoushotties
"Hello, new here :) I’m aiming for an androgynous aesthetic - should figure something out without beanies one day, but that day is not today",,Androgynoushotties
Instagram: @thesundancekid__,,Androgynoushotties
Please tell me shaving my head hasn't changed me from human to pomegranate,,Androgynoushotties
"I know my shoulders give me away, but this is the best I've looked (and felt) in a LONG time :)",,Androgynoushotties
Dyed my hair today.,,Androgynoushotties
getting an undercut while being in conservative china may not be one of my best decisions,,Androgynoushotties
Hiii I’m Rowan and I took a big hair risk,,Androgynoushotties
hello again!,,Androgynoushotties
Hello androgynous hotties!,,Androgynoushotties
Hey everyone! My name is Sage.I feel dead after work but also kinda cute right now!,,Androgynoushotties
"Makeup free, new bomber, glasses and new birthday tie dye, do I belong here??",,Androgynoushotties
OOTD Mini skirt and pink tee from superdry,,Androgynoushotties
More of this nonsense,,Androgynoushotties
Messy hair,,Androgynoushotties
"I don't understand any of this! I don't know who or what I am, feel a little both with no preference on either. I don't know how or where to fit in this world!",,Androgynoushotties
Tryin my best,,Androgynoushotties
My Ballerina Costume Try On - Nylons,,Androgynoushotties
I Was Told To Post Here :) So Ello There Andro Hotties!,,Androgynoushotties
I had a good Monday. Found out I can wear a Frisbee!,,Androgynoushotties
I may be blind but at least I have vision,,Androgynoushotties
"Fresh cut, I'm at my prime",,Androgynoushotties
I try my best. But am down with a bit of androgyny &lt;33,,Androgynoushotties
"I may look like a lesbian banker, but, ok, I am literally a banker",,Androgynoushotties
Been a long hot day,,Androgynoushotties
I look like I'm thinking about something,,Androgynoushotties
"tomorrow’s outfit, feelin extra andro :)",,Androgynoushotties
i wore eyeliner out for the first time,,Androgynoushotties
Only 2 or 3 months until my hair grows back to where I like it...but until then I'll rock this look [21],,Androgynoushotties
Hello 💞,,Androgynoushotties
"Hello beautiful people, this is me, wondering if I'm androgynous?",,Androgynoushotties
Exhausted after the gym... Gonna be a long week,,Androgynoushotties
Subscribe https://www.instagram.com/pale.moon.queen/,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling Myself after a Beer,,Androgynoushotties
Impromptu blurry skinny witch,,Androgynoushotties
🐙I like octopi🐙,,Androgynoushotties
Thought this selfie was appropriate for this sub 😛,,Androgynoushotties
Does this person qualify? (ancient greek art vibes),,Androgynoushotties
I need names guys!,,Androgynoushotties
*hums a little tune*,,Androgynoushotties
Trying to look somewhere between anime and android,,Androgynoushotties
"The birds do not care one wit whether I'm male or female, just that I provide seed in Winter, and water in Summer.",,Androgynoushotties
I usually get weird looks whenever I walk into the girls bathroom,,Androgynoushotties
Wet Hair,,Androgynoushotties
First post on this sub. This is a pretty old selfie but I felt hella androgynous in it.,,Androgynoushotties
Androfem OOTD Summer Style,,Androgynoushotties
Work,,Androgynoushotties
really awkward to grow out my buzz cut,,Androgynoushotties
Back in the gym for the first time in 2 1/2 weeks! Feels good to be back at it~,,Androgynoushotties
Just found this sub and thought I'd share one of me.,,Androgynoushotties
I found a bar bathroom drunk selfie on my phone. I am sharing. 🤙,,Androgynoushotties
goth boys in makeup 20gayteen? I think yes~,,Androgynoushotties
I think I need some new makeup guys... leave me your reccs?,,Androgynoushotties
Not super attractive but hey I look andro!,,Androgynoushotties
Just found this subreddit. You all are so beautiful!,,Androgynoushotties
felt good about my body today,,Androgynoushotties
I feel like I post here too much but I wanted to share since I don't have Instagram,,Androgynoushotties
ask and you shall receive.... goth femmeboy returns~,,Androgynoushotties
"What's up, androgynous hotties",,Androgynoushotties
"Not quite seeing the right person in the mirror, but we're getting close ;)",,Androgynoushotties
Baseball hat,,Androgynoushotties
I am AFAB but very masculine and I am attracted to men.,Anyone in the same boat? I want to be “daddy” but I feel like I can’t because I like men and am a female ,Androgynoushotties
Even femboys gotta workout once in awhile :P,,Androgynoushotties
do I belong here?,,Androgynoushotties
Same shirt different day,,Androgynoushotties
andro summer,,Androgynoushotties
[NSFW] laying around being lazy all day every day,,Androgynoushotties
Felt cute today but my cat is way cuter,,Androgynoushotties
Trying to pull off masc &amp; fem together 😊,,Androgynoushotties
"fem goth boys are still cute, right...? (that's my Doing Makeup shirt, I don't have any other selfies from that night sorry!)",,Androgynoushotties
"first post~ I'll be happy when no one can tell my gender! (ftm, pre-everything)",,Androgynoushotties
Suited up or dressed down?,,Androgynoushotties
Please help,I am very much androgynous and masculine but I think that my hips are so big. And it takes away my confidence to being masculine. I also deal with Body Dysmorphia so I don’t know if I actually have big hips ,Androgynoushotties
Snapchat and beer,,Androgynoushotties
i've told people probably 5 different times my gender but they still cant remember,,Androgynoushotties
game...blouses,,Androgynoushotties
[Found] Mark MacEachen,,Androgynoushotties
"Picked up some stuff from Goodwill today, and I think this outfit is pretty killer!",,Androgynoushotties
Edgy Boi,,Androgynoushotties
"Hey, friends.",,Androgynoushotties
Heyya peoples I wouldnt call myself a hottie but androgynous is definately the goal,,Androgynoushotties
Definitely one of my more androgynous looks [21],,Androgynoushotties
Not confident enough to call myself a hottie but I think I’m androgynous?,,Androgynoushotties
Not exactly where I'd like to be in term of androgyny but makeup helps a little :),,Androgynoushotties
Instagram @thesundancekid__,,Androgynoushotties
"Not the best masculine pic, but I try!",,Androgynoushotties
Heartbreak imminent,,Androgynoushotties
Teal eyebrows. HIGH FASHION!,,Androgynoushotties
What are you looking at?,,Androgynoushotties
Sup.,,Androgynoushotties
Any tips?,,Androgynoushotties
I’ve been told I’m androgynous... and hot🔥💕,,Androgynoushotties
🖤💀⛓🖤,,Androgynoushotties
Rodeo-ready,,Androgynoushotties
A new shade of blue and my favorite work outfit,,Androgynoushotties
I love Guess as a fashion brand,,Androgynoushotties
photoshoot in Alaska,,Androgynoushotties
thick thighs an dat,,Androgynoushotties
Purrrple is my favourite colour. Meow!,,Androgynoushotties
Got gender[F]*cked,,Androgynoushotties
Just trying something a bit natural,,Androgynoushotties
Summer haze,,Androgynoushotties
"4th of July vibes. How are ya, my dear androgynous fellas!!? ⚡️💙",,Androgynoushotties
Frequently have image issues but I do love this picture.,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous fancy dress,,Androgynoushotties
taken with HUJI,,Androgynoushotties
"Full of anxiety and Indian food, but still rocking that androgyny",,Androgynoushotties
Accidentally more androgynous at bed time,,Androgynoushotties
My alternative/Goth look,,Androgynoushotties
Sukumizu + shorts = androgynous swimwear?,,Androgynoushotties
(Self) I’m usually femme but I’m embracing my masculine side :),,Androgynoushotties
Bartending look + bonus doggo,,Androgynoushotties
Experimenting with make up for London pride this weekend!,,Androgynoushotties
I try to look a little feminine without taking it overboard. Any tips on how to do that effectively?,,Androgynoushotties
Anime &amp; blue hue,,Androgynoushotties
When you know the male yet hold on to the female you’ll be the ravine of the world -Tao Te Ching Chapter 28,,Androgynoushotties
"Rare, unguarded moment of laughter",,Androgynoushotties
been feelin that androgynous™ dysphoria lately :(,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling pretty on the last day of June,,Androgynoushotties
Just a reminder that you are all beautiful people :),,Androgynoushotties
First post here!,,Androgynoushotties
Fluffy,,Androgynoushotties
Curled my hair for the first time today. Honestly can't wait to get a perm.,,Androgynoushotties
A young Brando type. But female,,Androgynoushotties
Decided to dye my hair for Pride month and I’m digging the weird looks,,Androgynoushotties
You ever feel like you get stuck on the same look?,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit here?,,Androgynoushotties
back and blonder than ever,,Androgynoushotties
Looking butch,,Androgynoushotties
My friend can't really get how androgynous I am. But neither can I? Any tips?,,Androgynoushotties
Been told I should take up androgynous modeling a lot recently,,Androgynoushotties
"A Friend Told Me I Looked ""Really Androgynous""",,Androgynoushotties
I like to dress colourful and cute on colder days =),,Androgynoushotties
Was told I might fit in here,,Androgynoushotties
Queering it up,,Androgynoushotties
Hey guys :),,Androgynoushotties
"Doing yard work today, and super happy with my new shirt",,Androgynoushotties
My own style of boys fashion,,Androgynoushotties
🦊,,Androgynoushotties
Pulling back the curtain. Binding is life.,,Androgynoushotties
Seeing red at the blues dance [21],,Androgynoushotties
i felt cute here,,Androgynoushotties
Tips to appear more masculine?,,Androgynoushotties
Lookin like ursula the seawitch's hot topic phase,,Androgynoushotties
felt kind of cool today 💫,,Androgynoushotties
In a tie and tight leather pants like it’s 2003,,Androgynoushotties
am I androgynous?,,Androgynoushotties
Get yourself a partner than can do both 👌,,Androgynoushotties
Bricks,,Androgynoushotties
Vampire in the sun,,Androgynoushotties
Does this belong here?,,Androgynoushotties
Get you someone who can do both,,Androgynoushotties
"I'm here, I'm queer and i realy like beer",,Androgynoushotties
i promise i’m not as much of a fuckboy as i look,,Androgynoushotties
I smiled in a picture.,,Androgynoushotties
Flowers,,Androgynoushotties
Forgive the sweatiness. Ya’ boi’s been out here.,,Androgynoushotties
first post! sleepy face = boy band look,,Androgynoushotties
80s vibes,,Androgynoushotties
Androg Floral Fridays,,Androgynoushotties
Occupied,,Androgynoushotties
Wondered if I fit in?,,Androgynoushotties
Thinking about food ✨,,Androgynoushotties
Hi ❤️,,Androgynoushotties
Just got my first order from BlackMilk today. How do I look?,,Androgynoushotties
P R I D E B O I,,Androgynoushotties
Please don’t leave hickies on one of my work nights.,,Androgynoushotties
Wine dress :3,,Androgynoushotties
FL life,,Androgynoushotties
Vintage look,,Androgynoushotties
Let's be friends 🏳️‍🌈❤️,,Androgynoushotties
Haven’t saved any non Snapchat filter-y pictures since my buzz cut so here’s a throwback to my old hair from a few weeks ago,,Androgynoushotties
Can quite get enough of this look.,,Androgynoushotties
"Started a YouTube channel, please support. YouTube @ Madison Newby",,Androgynoushotties
I didn't know this subreddit existed but hey I'm kind of new to Reddit :-),,Androgynoushotties
Hi everybody! Just found this reddit and wanted to contribute,,Androgynoushotties
I guess you can't say I'm androgynous anymore cause I drew out my hair but I still love presenting as both,,Androgynoushotties
Trying to match my makeup to my nails,,Androgynoushotties
"I feel like this #look legally binds me to acquiring a long board, hahaha",,Androgynoushotties
When I let go of what I am I become what I might be,,Androgynoushotties
Thinking about the important things in life... food and cats,,Androgynoushotties
I wanna be cute when I grow up,,Androgynoushotties
My new and improved face!,,Androgynoushotties
my goal this summer is learning to love myself more 💕,,Androgynoushotties
Love coming home and getting dressed up after a long day at work! 💅💄👠,,Androgynoushotties
"I did my boyfriend's makeup the other day, i love when he lets me play up his feminine side :).",,Androgynoushotties
"Red lip, black nail polish, and grey hair",,Androgynoushotties
I’m 110% nocturnal.,,Androgynoushotties
Kiss me Judas,,Androgynoushotties
Totally casual,,Androgynoushotties
Am I androgynous enough? 🤗🌈🏳️‍🌈💜,,Androgynoushotties
Synthwave look,,Androgynoushotties
I hope you don’t mind me taking the liberty. I was careful not to drag in any dirt.,,Androgynoushotties
Just Beachy,,Androgynoushotties
"Day at the sea with my love, really hot so went with natural but feminine.☀️",,Androgynoushotties
“It’s not a ‘phase’ mom.. gosh!!”,,Androgynoushotties
Finally starting to feel more myself,,Androgynoushotties
I told someone I’d post here more often and now I gotta back it up.,,Androgynoushotties
Felt pretty.,,Androgynoushotties
Felt a bit feminine the other day...,,Androgynoushotties
"New shoes, new leggings, enjoying the weekend sun! 💄👠☠️",,Androgynoushotties
Hope it’s cool I’m posting here!!,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit here? I’m not 100% sure.,,Androgynoushotties
duppy diva LF spooky skengman &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
Bored af so here's a pic from last night [21],,Androgynoushotties
"Almost 100 followers, almost 10k karma. Thanks for making me feel special ✨",,Androgynoushotties
Lipstick vs. 9 hours slinging lattes. Didn't turn out to well for the lipstick...,,Androgynoushotties
Something,,Androgynoushotties
Jana Knauerova,,Androgynoushotties
melancholic laptop pic,,Androgynoushotties
bathtime ambiguity,,Androgynoushotties
I post too many selfies I’m sorry but I love this pic,,Androgynoushotties
This is my favorite picture I’ve ever taken of myself. I hope I belong here! ^=^;,,Androgynoushotties
"hi, im dev !",,Androgynoushotties
Are they any androgynous porn subs?,I would love to see more andro/nonbinary porn but cant find any. Suggestions?,Androgynoushotties
It's finally summer!,,Androgynoushotties
So crusty,https://imgur.com/a/elRSScw,Androgynoushotties
"Here’s me, over-filtered in a unicorn Onesie",,Androgynoushotties
Got a new shirt!,,Androgynoushotties
do i belong here¿ lol i try my best to be andro without anyone else knowing. who else knows the struggle,,Androgynoushotties
Got dolled up for the weekend! ♥️💅💋,,Androgynoushotties
"""homecoming"" outtake",,Androgynoushotties
Day off but I gotta clean and do boring adult stuff today :&lt;,,Androgynoushotties
Do i fit here?,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling anime,,Androgynoushotties
New here! A friend recommended me to the sub 💞,,Androgynoushotties
I forgot if I posted this. Haven't posted in a while.,,Androgynoushotties
I try to be girly and fail,,Androgynoushotties
dry showers and shirt (no flowers),,Androgynoushotties
Oh hey I forgot I match today so I guess y'all get a lil' nsfw after all &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
"Some if you babes said you'd like to see me around more, so here's another after work mirror selfie. Not as fun as last night's, but you know, gotta keep some mystique ;)",,Androgynoushotties
Hi!,,Androgynoushotties
Daddy needs a haircut,,Androgynoushotties
Passed Androgynous and went straight to Alien,,Androgynoushotties
"Was deemed as the ""CEO gf"" by my boyfriend lol",,Androgynoushotties
"Hi again! I am starting to like my body thanks in large part to the positive feedback I get from Reddit, so here's my tits and me feeling p good about myself after work &lt;3 [nsfw]",,Androgynoushotties
Got new extensions and a cute new dress! Excuse the no makeup,,Androgynoushotties
Was feeling pretty andro with my hair up lol.,,Androgynoushotties
Went for a punk chic look and my GF did my space buns!,,Androgynoushotties
had my heart broken this weekend,,Androgynoushotties
First time posting pictures of myself :) Thought I'd give it a try!,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling androgynous lately,,Androgynoushotties
A happy little hippie androgyne,,Androgynoushotties
"First time taking nudes, am I andro? [NSFW]",,Androgynoushotties
"Sick, but back to work we go",,Androgynoushotties
Had my first proper outing with my love this evening!,,Androgynoushotties
Morning Mess,,Androgynoushotties
I'm just a big gay dad,,Androgynoushotties
How andro am I?,,Androgynoushotties
I try to do what I can with my limited wardrobe.,,Androgynoushotties
I never felt myself as “hot” before but...,,Androgynoushotties
A wee bit of acne,,Androgynoushotties
Everyone lovws a dude(ette) in Yugioh right?,,Androgynoushotties
how do I look??,,Androgynoushotties
Cuddle me up &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
Hi everyone! Just introducing myself!,,Androgynoushotties
"Dirty mirror, moldy walls. It's the new aesthetic.",,Androgynoushotties
was feeling my oats a few days ago and mustered up the courage to post this,,Androgynoushotties
"felt somewhat confident today, especially after playing Smells Like Teen Spirit for the whole 8th grade. thought i’d share this x",,Androgynoushotties
see u l8r boi,,Androgynoushotties
“Trying really hard” lol age and gender?,,Androgynoushotties
I'm a trans man but a very very flamboyant one so...andro?,,Androgynoushotties
90s grunge feel.,,Androgynoushotties
resting bitch face but I’m not mean I promise,,Androgynoushotties
"Well guys, I was inevitably mistaken for a boy today. how do I look? :P",,Androgynoushotties
"[Self] Lazy day, but thats okay",,Androgynoushotties
"been lurking for a while and wouldn’t consider myself a hottie, but i’m particularly proud of this x",,Androgynoushotties
Not sure if I would fit here but here I am ^^,,Androgynoushotties
I'm a brat,,Androgynoushotties
[nsfw] today was awful but w/e cause I'm pretty fuckin hot on me rn.,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling extra masculine today.,,Androgynoushotties
Vintage Androgyny PRINCEss 👑,,Androgynoushotties
Trying to take this look to goth night soon. Any tips for looking more andro tho?,,Androgynoushotties
Girlfriend made me post this,,Androgynoushotties
"Maybe a lil nsfw but I was feeling fresh after a shower &lt;3 (be nice this is the most skin I've ever shown, k? :p)",,Androgynoushotties
White Roses,,Androgynoushotties
Not having a good day. I need to do more makeup looks,,Androgynoushotties
"Sun's out, guns out ft rare British sunshine",,Androgynoushotties
Do I count as Andro?,,Androgynoushotties
Tired kid,,Androgynoushotties
I like flannels,,Androgynoushotties
[21] Aftermath of a swing dancing event,,Androgynoushotties
"""are you a man or a woman?"" why do I have to choose when I can be in between 😉",,Androgynoushotties
I love my cat ears. I now need cat paw gloves,,Androgynoushotties
Need advice on how to makeup like a man,"Hello, second time posting here, you guys welcomed me very warmly the first time and I'm grateful for that, thank you all.
I don't know if this is the right place to post this but I'm looking to do a photoshoot as a male, or at least androgynous to the point you can't tell I'm a female. I have pretty girly facial features I think (I can provide a pic if you want one) and can't seem to find any decent tutorial on how to look manlier. Would anyone have advices ? Whether it be links to videos, tutorials, or actual ideas you have. That'd be wonderful.

Edit : I tried a makeup today and am not sure of the quality of the result, so here it is. 
https://imgur.com/cQ7orkr",Androgynoushotties
I'm back with some Storage room selfie haha!,,Androgynoushotties
Just casual me 💙,,Androgynoushotties
Hot morning,,Androgynoushotties
Lick,,Androgynoushotties
Been told I look like Cara,,Androgynoushotties
For a while I've wanted to find an androgynous look that works,,Androgynoushotties
🌼Floral kind of day 🌼,,Androgynoushotties
My hairs doin a grow! Love u all tbh this is a wonderful community,,Androgynoushotties
"Posting here, because, why not?",,Androgynoushotties
Sometimes selfies help with negative self-talk,,Androgynoushotties
Lace and vanilla. :3,,Androgynoushotties
Hi hotties!,,Androgynoushotties
Yikes,,Androgynoushotties
"Feelin' myself tonight, please forgive &lt;3",,Androgynoushotties
huji,,Androgynoushotties
Ready for summer &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
growing a mane [self],,Androgynoushotties
"Works for the money, from start to finish; works for the money, worth every minute ♡",,Androgynoushotties
"Heya first time poster, been lurking for a while though. So is this business andro??",,Androgynoushotties
I'm sick. But at least I'm sick when the Greatest Royal Rumble is on.,,Androgynoushotties
"Me earlier while driving, could use some positivity bc rly bad news",,Androgynoushotties
morning (afternoon),,Androgynoushotties
princess,,Androgynoushotties
Posted this to makeupaddiction and someone mentioned it looked androgynous...so I thought I’d post here also!,,Androgynoushotties
Wynona lookin fluid AF,,Androgynoushotties
My quiff is on point today!,,Androgynoushotties
Sexy face sexy everything,,Androgynoushotties
I will make you love me.,,Androgynoushotties
Construction worker aesthetic ♡,,Androgynoushotties
I think I may fit in better here than in shorthairedhotties. What do you think?,,Androgynoushotties
"""homecoming""",,Androgynoushotties
Most likely to join a boy band,,Androgynoushotties
"the more androgynous i get, the more powerful i become",,Androgynoushotties
Whatever. Tell me interesting facts so I have fun stuff to read when I wake upppp ~,,Androgynoushotties
Bored and taking face off after work. Entertain me?,,Androgynoushotties
Found this from a while back,,Androgynoushotties
Am I andro?,,Androgynoushotties
Hi,,Androgynoushotties
"Growing my hair out, have a WESTERN BOI",,Androgynoushotties
"Was told I would fit in here, so here's my face :3",,Androgynoushotties
me not stressed vs. me stressed,,Androgynoushotties
Andro and Proud,,Androgynoushotties
Does this count..?,,Androgynoushotties
Gaming in my kitty cat hat. &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
Moody boy,,Androgynoushotties
"Finally I have found my true self, hahaha. Only took 26 years :P",,Androgynoushotties
One or Two?,,Androgynoushotties
3🔥😎,,Androgynoushotties
Just found this subreddit. I am so excited.,,Androgynoushotties
Please alert me if I'm fuckin up your aesthetic here but I feel pretty andro and the selfie page I usually post on is dead...,,Androgynoushotties
Can I be cute?,,Androgynoushotties
I had a long day please tell me I'm pretty &lt;3,,Androgynoushotties
"Feel pretty cute but just got ""sir"" so like... I guess I belong here?",,Androgynoushotties
Gaysians,,Androgynoushotties
Do I still fit in here?,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling pretty Andro,,Androgynoushotties
Androgyny can be fem too!,,Androgynoushotties
Maybe not super androgynous but it's a start :p,,Androgynoushotties
Need to get back to this look.,,Androgynoushotties
Don´t look nearly as androgynous after my haircut :/,,Androgynoushotties
Hey everyone! I think I look ok in this,,Androgynoushotties
The Androgynously Hot Duo gets tattoos! [21&amp;21],,Androgynoushotties
My amazing girlfriend!,,Androgynoushotties
Playing with makeup ✨,,Androgynoushotties
[21] Had a good day today,,Androgynoushotties
I’m tired,,Androgynoushotties
Been procrastinating waking up,,Androgynoushotties
I haven't taken a selfie I like in forever,,Androgynoushotties
seriously feeling this 90s disposable camera vibe,,Androgynoushotties
Wishing I had a face to sit on 😊,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling cute,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous in pink,,Androgynoushotties
"here again, tryin to pull off an androgynous look with these new glasses",,Androgynoushotties
"Had to go back to a normal hair color for work, now I almost exclusively get called sir!",,Androgynoushotties
Got quite the shag goin on,,Androgynoushotties
"(Slightly nsfw?) Just cut my hair, took a selfie to show my gf and wanted to show off on here!",,Androgynoushotties
"New city, new look! I think short looks alright on me!",,Androgynoushotties
Felt oddly attractive,,Androgynoushotties
"6am, time for bed.",,Androgynoushotties
Wondering if I can post here? Selfie,,Androgynoushotties
"I actually felt really cute today, my hair is getting long enough to balance the squareness of my jaw I think",,Androgynoushotties
I never know what to title my posts,,Androgynoushotties
Gloomy &amp; Pretentious,,Androgynoushotties
I love my new vest!,,Androgynoushotties
This is how i look now ^_^. Trying to be cute lol,,Androgynoushotties
I got my semihawk back!,,Androgynoushotties
Reposting b/c last one had personal info. How androgynous am I?,,Androgynoushotties
Me a few weeks ago. I look a lil different now lol,,Androgynoushotties
Gross car phone picture 👍🏻,,Androgynoushotties
New haircut but desperately need help on what to do next,,Androgynoushotties
Finally took a decent picture of myself and it’s a good one,,Androgynoushotties
I think I belong here,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous Hottie,,Androgynoushotties
Syd Blackovitch,,Androgynoushotties
Where the Wild Things Grow,,Androgynoushotties
That oversized shirt stolen from your one-night-stand lover,,Androgynoushotties
maybe??,,Androgynoushotties
all ready for a cold February,,Androgynoushotties
Someone teach me how to smile.,,Androgynoushotties
Kind of bad lighting but yeah,,Androgynoushotties
I feel so dapper after a shower,,Androgynoushotties
Is this allowed here?,,Androgynoushotties
my aesthetic can't get any dorkier at this point tbh,,Androgynoushotties
Wearing my new Fickle Friends shirt with my girlfriends cardigan....,,Androgynoushotties
It's my cake day ♡,,Androgynoushotties
Finally Trying With New Hair Cut,,Androgynoushotties
"I took some suggestions, thoughts &amp; tips?",,Androgynoushotties
[An interesting title] (18),,Androgynoushotties
Mornin y'all,,Androgynoushotties
Warm androgyny,,Androgynoushotties
sleepyhead,,Androgynoushotties
Am I doing this right? 💜,,Androgynoushotties
I desperately want a boyfriend oof,,Androgynoushotties
To feminine to pull off androgynous I think.,,Androgynoushotties
Wishing I was back in Key West!,,Androgynoushotties
xpost from r/bois,,Androgynoushotties
"First time submitting, how's it goin",,Androgynoushotties
"I kept getting told, ""no thanks I'm not interested in other women""",,Androgynoushotties
Do I qualify as androgynous and/or a hottie?,,Androgynoushotties
I am proud of this contour,,Androgynoushotties
Weird kid doesn’t know how to take selfies [18],,Androgynoushotties
"Cuteness and androgyny confirmed by internet strangers already, but thought you might like a heads up",,Androgynoushotties
Ezra Miller is straight-up beautiful.,,Androgynoushotties
Toilet selfie. Feelin extra femme today.,,Androgynoushotties
Tried a new style,,Androgynoushotties
was feelin myself after this fresh cut!!,,Androgynoushotties
I feel intimidated about posting here but today I hit “fuck it” and I’m dumping a bunch of pics and seeing what happens.,,Androgynoushotties
I was just feeling cute,,Androgynoushotties
any fans of captain murphy on here?,,Androgynoushotties
"I Feel Androgynous from the Back, Thoughts?",,Androgynoushotties
"Not posted in quite a while, any tips?",,Androgynoushotties
Pretty In Pink,,Androgynoushotties
Two androgynous sweeties!,,Androgynoushotties
I got a new phone! With a working front facing camera!,,Androgynoushotties
"Hope this isn't too NSFW, but ya girl is living her best life and i hope you all are too! Happy Monday and i love you! ❤️❤️😘😘",,Androgynoushotties
Not sure if I belong here but what the heck. I love my hairy legs and that aesthetic in general. It feels so free and natural.,,Androgynoushotties
Weather's terrible today but my hair looks siiiick so idgaf if I don't leave my apt,,Androgynoushotties
🤷‍♀️,,Androgynoushotties
whoops the rain washed away my gender,,Androgynoushotties
I felt cinematically androgynous.,,Androgynoushotties
Second cutest I've ever felt.,,Androgynoushotties
aspiring dream daddy. featuring: too much denim,,Androgynoushotties
This is the best selfie I have ever taken,,Androgynoushotties
hi i got a dress,,Androgynoushotties
Who says heavy makeup can’t be androgynous? 😂,,Androgynoushotties
Has anyone heard the song 'androgynous' by the replacements?,,Androgynoushotties
trying on a new look,,Androgynoushotties
sleepy sleepy,,Androgynoushotties
Feelin' myself,,Androgynoushotties
Not really a hottie but I can be cute sometimes,,Androgynoushotties
A wannabe weasley child,,Androgynoushotties
Hi again! I wanted to share this because I’m extremely proud of how I’m starting to look!,,Androgynoushotties
I miss looking this andro&amp;punk,,Androgynoushotties
Wash your hands,,Androgynoushotties
Just one more of me attempting my androgyny,,Androgynoushotties
I call this my man makeup. Basic contouring to try and make my face look sharper.,,Androgynoushotties
"The title 'hottie' escapes me, but I sure as hell have been feeling better about myself lately...",,Androgynoushotties
It was bright today 😎,,Androgynoushotties
hello,,Androgynoushotties
No makeup at all and I’m already happy!,,Androgynoushotties
YouTuber struggles...,"Hi everyone! I wanted to know all of your opinions. So, i've been doing YouTube for a while now (about 3 years) and I still am not gaining any views or subscribers. My channel is just not growing at all. I want opinions on why this is and what can I do to improve my channel and grow it?
This is my channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCF9qtiYvZAxG29sYzPeZVZA?view_as=subscriber

THANK YOU :)",Androgynoushotties
Rocky Horror showing outfit,,Androgynoushotties
Can you tell I cut my own hair,,Androgynoushotties
I felt good about this look today 💕,,Androgynoushotties
me at a hippie fest during my visit in Alaska,,Androgynoushotties
The light makes me hair yellow &gt;:(,,Androgynoushotties
Be my valentine 😘,,Androgynoushotties
Playing with filters on a blue day ☺️🐳,,Androgynoushotties
My first full nude...,,Androgynoushotties
What do you think?,,Androgynoushotties
party with the gf,,Androgynoushotties
"The last one did well, so have short hair me ft a choker! :)",,Androgynoushotties
I crossdressed for the first time and i though i might post it here.,,Androgynoushotties
Rubbing one out on the couch,,Androgynoushotties
amine - sundays,,Androgynoushotties
I don´t know if i´m androgynous or not but i would really like to be,,Androgynoushotties
I managed to capture the very first instant I ever experienced a Hitachi Magic Wand on camera. I think my facial expression says it all...,,Androgynoushotties
demure,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous formal look - corset and suit,,Androgynoushotties
Took this as a joke--it's my best picture.,,Androgynoushotties
"Feeling tough &amp; butch today. Fight me, bro.",,Androgynoushotties
Cranky and green &gt;;(,,Androgynoushotties
Japanese Pro-Wrestler Kagetsu,,Androgynoushotties
Working on my androgyny game,,Androgynoushotties
First pair of glasses!,,Androgynoushotties
Just a boi in a bathroom.,,Androgynoushotties
Decked in my pink race kit,,Androgynoushotties
Last night,,Androgynoushotties
Staying cozy in the cold!,,Androgynoushotties
"Try and guess which gender I am. Go on, try.",,Androgynoushotties
ive been wearing short shorts more. thought this outfit was cute,,Androgynoushotties
swoosh hai,,Androgynoushotties
Kittens,,Androgynoushotties
The cutest non-binary femme you ever did see.,,Androgynoushotties
This is a terrible picture but I like it. Tell me if I need to GTFO with this shit,,Androgynoushotties
Hazel Androgyny?,,Androgynoushotties
Andrognous or no?,,Androgynoushotties
Genderfluid Slytherin saying hi,,Androgynoushotties
Would I pass ?,,Androgynoushotties
Am i androgynous enough? :/,,Androgynoushotties
A Mortician in the making,,Androgynoushotties
When a boy gets new glasses,,Androgynoushotties
Dont know if I fit here but have a selfie,,Androgynoushotties
Did a lil photoshootin’ and this is by my favorite,,Androgynoushotties
Vampire femboy,,Androgynoushotties
"cute street fighter V player, JonaaB_",,Androgynoushotties
my hair looked sort of fem today,,Androgynoushotties
First post here - hope this is okay 😊😊,,Androgynoushotties
Fancy some homemade soup and a few drinks?,,Androgynoushotties
"First time posting, debating cutting my hair",,Androgynoushotties
been missing my purple hair lately,,Androgynoushotties
We're going to be late for our flight.,,Androgynoushotties
"New year, same me (but I'm actually going to be myself this year) 😀",,Androgynoushotties
Rise and shine,,Androgynoushotties
bought this shirt a few days ago and i LOVE IT,,Androgynoushotties
Can you guess my gender?,,Androgynoushotties
xpost from /r/fierceflow,,Androgynoushotties
Self portrait/boomerang 👦🏻💕,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous?,,Androgynoushotties
Loved my makeup in this! Beetle juice inspired @salemnoire,,Androgynoushotties
Possibly my favorite picture I’ve taken in a long time,,Androgynoushotties
I found the courage to post a picture of my face!,,Androgynoushotties
I think my friend belongs here! He hot c;,,Androgynoushotties
My friend called me androgynous once and I ended up here :P,,Androgynoushotties
Me trying to look pretty lol (follow my insta @krazibread),,Androgynoushotties
🥀felt pretty🥀 @salemnoire (insta),,Androgynoushotties
"On the Street, London",,Androgynoushotties
"Same hair, revolution;unisex,evolution.",,Androgynoushotties
"Feeling unusually confident today, have a selfie!",,Androgynoushotties
Hey fam,,Androgynoushotties
i was well received last time so i thought i would post again :),,Androgynoushotties
first time posting please be nice,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit at all?,,Androgynoushotties
Another one,,Androgynoushotties
Happy New Year!,,Androgynoushotties
Ive been light on makeup lately. Feeling andro these days.,,Androgynoushotties
My more feminine side,,Androgynoushotties
"Im told im androgynous, thoughts???",https://imgur.com/Q0QOG84,Androgynoushotties
woof woof wats for lunch,,Androgynoushotties
"Playboy bunny turned up a notch, flipped on its side and had some sense knocked into it.",,Androgynoushotties
"First selfie of the year, second post here.",,Androgynoushotties
Being optimistic this year,,Androgynoushotties
Someone once said to me “androgyne is a cop out for your daddy issues”. I looked them in the face and said “awww did god not love you enough to give you a soul so you could say such heartless things?” The person was left speechless...,,Androgynoushotties
First ATL LGBTQ+ pride parade being comfortable with myself,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling myself,,Androgynoushotties
Been working on feeling like myself :),,Androgynoushotties
"The Instagram selfie that earned me my very first “only two genders, fag!1!!” hate comment!",,Androgynoushotties
Me a few days ago.I Actually felt pretty 😊.,,Androgynoushotties
Bowties are cool.,,Androgynoushotties
Wanna hear some drunk stories?,,Androgynoushotties
Bleach Blonde Punk,,Androgynoushotties
"With no one to snuggle around the holidays, a cozy onesie does the trick ❤️💚",,Androgynoushotties
Howdy! Pardon my dirty mirror lol,,Androgynoushotties
Summertime Sadness,,Androgynoushotties
"Posting a more recent photo than the flowery suit one. Since the last post about questioning my androgyny, me and my gf have been really happy about how much more confident I’ve been about my self image, so thank you lovely people 💕",,Androgynoushotties
I'm walking a different path to androgyny,,Androgynoushotties
hey hey ~,,Androgynoushotties
feelin lonely,,Androgynoushotties
First time posting here (i think).. Feeling cute af!,,Androgynoushotties
Hairy pits don't care,,Androgynoushotties
"Would losing weight (10-15 lbs.) make me appear even more rough-hewn (masculine), or would it soften (feminize) my facial features a bit by revealing more cheek bone? Any suggestions on how can I create a balanced androgynous appearance?",,Androgynoushotties
Had a rough weekend with some boy problems. Need some encouragement or to know what's working/not working for me. Also please don't shame me for not having done my roots in forever. (I chose this new gold coat instead of a bleach job.) Thanks in advance! Love y'all xoxo,,Androgynoushotties
prepping my new years party look,,Androgynoushotties
"the bathroom selfie, recolorized, 2017",,Androgynoushotties
"I’m straight. Have a girlfriend. Am 100% comfortable with my sexuality and gender, but look extremely feminine. So much so I’m frequently mistaken as a girl. I like women’s clothes, think they look good on me. Am I androgynous or just a bit different? (Me in the picture obviously)",,Androgynoushotties
Would love to look more androgynous. A tip perhaps?,,Androgynoushotties
Wearing my faux leather jacket 😊,,Androgynoushotties
Truly feel neither and either. Understood i was Gender Fluid there and then,,Androgynoushotties
At times I feel like a Dragon or a cat,,Androgynoushotties
First time in a bow tie,,Androgynoushotties
"I'm biologically female, but people often don't believe it",,Androgynoushotties
Saw this hottie tequila bar.,,Androgynoushotties
Happy Sunday my beauties!💖🔥💖,,Androgynoushotties
"I'm lonely, anyone wanna be my friend?",,Androgynoushotties
Second post!!,,Androgynoushotties
Wearing one of my favorite shirts :),,Androgynoushotties
First time posting. How'd I do? Age and gender guesses please? Thanks :),,Androgynoushotties
I was rod to post this here,,Androgynoushotties
First post here! I need to work on my smoulder,,Androgynoushotties
"I feel like I did good with this one! Minimal makeup, MtF, no hormones (yet)",,Androgynoushotties
I’m often not well-received because of my masculine touch. Maybe you all will give some love.,,Androgynoushotties
makeup game - adequate,,Androgynoushotties
Older pic from when I had longer hair,,Androgynoushotties
Asia Kate Dillon drives me crazy ❤,,Androgynoushotties
Sad boi. Got broken up with,,Androgynoushotties
I have had multiple alcoholic beverages.,,Androgynoushotties
"Girlfriend did my makeup again, now with new and improved lighting....",,Androgynoushotties
Hi! I got my hair did. (:,,Androgynoushotties
Love my cat ears 😺,,Androgynoushotties
"smiles are easy, holidays are not",,Androgynoushotties
Happy Thanksgiving week/end to all my fellow androgynous hot-turkayys.,,Androgynoushotties
Werewolf King/Lilac Queen,,Androgynoushotties
Girlfriend did my make up and I felt pretty...,,Androgynoushotties
I’m getting a Steve Jobs vibe,,Androgynoushotties
Do i look androgynous enough?,,Androgynoushotties
My favorite pastime is taking selfies,,Androgynoushotties
Am I at all andro? :),,Androgynoushotties
Stefania Ferrario (model),,Androgynoushotties
"My lips swell up when I get stressed out. Sometimes, it's not that bad.",,Androgynoushotties
Lots of layers (it was cold out),,Androgynoushotties
Kitchen babe,,Androgynoushotties
Your boy is here.,,Androgynoushotties
Pretty damn genderqueer. I’m trying to present more androgynous. Any tips?,,Androgynoushotties
Thought I'd share my queer self with yall and see what you think.,,Androgynoushotties
Ready to Confuse some people at The Killers gig tonight!,,Androgynoushotties
always being stared at :/ makes me so uncomfortable,,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous? Hottie?,"https://imgur.com/a/tfMQI

Don't know where I stand do I look more like a girl or a guy? Do I even belong on this sub(just learned it existed)?",Androgynoushotties
Happy Sunday to all my fellow fluid and queer Peeps💖🔥,,Androgynoushotties
"Hey, I am Hidden Femboy on Tumblr, check me out &lt;3",,Androgynoushotties
"I don't know if I really belong here, but a person referred to me as androgynous today.",,Androgynoushotties
Always hiding from the sun,,Androgynoushotties
😜,,Androgynoushotties
Demon Cat :D,,Androgynoushotties
"tbh I don't have any sort of witty caption, I was just feelin cute",,Androgynoushotties
Swedish Model - Ville Sydfors,,Androgynoushotties
I've been told androgynous a couple times. My beginnings of a Halloween costume.,,Androgynoushotties
tfw your house is trashed and you spilled coffee all over yourself and you need to be at work in 10 minutes,,Androgynoushotties
"Two months ago I asked if you think I should cut my hair… neither of you did, but I just did it! (before/after)",,Androgynoushotties
"First post here, I think I fit? 🤓",,Androgynoushotties
posted here a while back with white-blond hair. now I'm (almost) back to my natural dark hair serving academic goth!,,Androgynoushotties
Hello-ween,,Androgynoushotties
anniversary lunch!,,Androgynoushotties
Hamming it up,,Androgynoushotties
Someone tell my girlfriend she should be a model please. #androgynousfox,,Androgynoushotties
I really like this pic of me (x/post from r/bois),,Androgynoushotties
Was overweight one year in highschool. Didnt realize how different I looked until I saw my old pic...,,Androgynoushotties
"Messed around with some styles and looks, got some strange results😅",,Androgynoushotties
Friend let me borrow her cat dress for a Halloween party,,Androgynoushotties
how to feel comfortable with being androgynous ?,"so I was born female, but I look very masculine and I’m not sure why. I started developing masculine characteristics as well as feminine characteristics during puberty. I got made fun of in school and have had complete strangers make fun of me or ask if I’m a guy or a girl. People feel uneasy around me. No one has loved me for who I am; I’ve never been in a relationship. I feel very nervous around people because I don’t fit in. I don’t know how to feel comfortable. https://imgur.com/a/bWA1a",Androgynoushotties
I feel this lipstick makes me look a little androgynous. What do you think?,,Androgynoushotties
test test testing.,,Androgynoushotties
It me.,,Androgynoushotties
Friend is the frontman of a dope local band and he let me try on the crazy suit he wears on stage.,,Androgynoushotties
"First time poster, looking/feeling sleepless (2015)",,Androgynoushotties
I look dead inside because I was missing my girlfriend 😂,,Androgynoushotties
Got lots of insults for looking like a boy on a different sub. I thought you guys might appreciate my new style more.,,Androgynoushotties
Do you think I'm androgynous?,"I would like to read your opinions, I try to look more boyish but I don't know if I'm reaching it.

Here my pics: https://www.instagram.com/hauntwitchbitch/",Androgynoushotties
A slightly more NSFW style favourite of mine,,Androgynoushotties
Meet my beautiful significant other.,,Androgynoushotties
my favorite crop top hoodie,,Androgynoushotties
My two favourite androgynous styles ✨,,Androgynoushotties
Trying to reconcile my chest with my masculinity.,,Androgynoushotties
"""I've been doing some research. In real life, there is no algebra.""(insta @fighsd) 😘😘😘",,Androgynoushotties
"I love my Link hoodie. First time posting, and have been told I am an androgynous dude.",,Androgynoushotties
Happy Friday to all my fellow androgynous humans. Hope you enjoy!💖,,Androgynoushotties
i took this in lecture instead of paying attention,,Androgynoushotties
"New here. No thrills, just me and my wonky teeth.",,Androgynoushotties
My friend helped me out with some makeup ✌️,,Androgynoushotties
both? both,,Androgynoushotties
"no makeup, just plain old me.",,Androgynoushotties
Hottest Man Ever Existed!!! Flaming Hot!!!,,Androgynoushotties
Not entirely sure I've got this androgyny thing down. (Or the hottie thing...),,Androgynoushotties
I think I look pretty cute (insta @fighsd),,Androgynoushotties
I stole my gf’s hat &gt;:),,Androgynoushotties
My goal is to be hit on at lesbian and gay bars equally,,Androgynoushotties
Obsessed with this couple. How cute are they!?,,Androgynoushotties
Slicking back my hair makes me feel sexy,,Androgynoushotties
Obligatory Dirty Mirror Pic,,Androgynoushotties
I like to think I’m cute sometimes,,Androgynoushotties
Look at this hottie (my gf) honestly my face says it all,,Androgynoushotties
haven't posted here in a while. happy harvest,,Androgynoushotties
Back from when I was feeling super androgynous,,Androgynoushotties
Drunk buzzed girl,,Androgynoushotties
Not so much a hottie but feelin pretty androgynous. Also sleepy.,,Androgynoushotties
Hiiii fam. My girlfriend took this photo!,,Androgynoushotties
I love being androgynous. 💖💖,,Androgynoushotties
슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)- 온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법36,"#강호동 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #유재석 #성인사이트 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 #신천지 #스포츠 #카지노 #동시배팅 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #꿀떡픽 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#가입첫충 #매충 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 #밀라노 #모나코 #s계열 #스포츠토토 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #승무패 #신서유기 #설리 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#프로토 #토토 #맨씨티 #레알 #맨유 #첼시 #바르셀로나 #바르샤 #동남아여행 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #이승엽 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#맨체스터유나이티드 #엘클라시코 #카지노 #리버풀 #퍼거슨 #제라드 #호날두 #카지노딜러 #지드래곤 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#배당 #마권 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #경주 #경견 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 #말 #경마장 #슈퍼카지노 #도박 #경주권 
#메시 #아구에로 #즐라탄 #페페 #지루 #외질 #벵거 #무리뉴 #쉐보레 #스완지 #기성용 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #필리핀여행 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#손흥민 #토트넘 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 #프리메라리그 #꿀떡넷#성인사이트 #EPL [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #골기퍼 #미드필더 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#전후반 #핸디캡 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #언오버 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 #스페셜 #4이닝 #첫볼넷 #사다리 #다리다리 #온카지노 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#3분사다리 #1이닝 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #득점무득점 #카지노 #챔피언스리그 #조별예선 #꿀떡드림 #빅뱅 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법
#바나나스코어 #온스포츠 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/) #온카지노 #프리미어리그 #헐시티 #레스터시트 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/)
#보험견적 #대전 #소개팅 #뷰티아카데미 #부천 #일수 #강남 #원룸 #실사진 #시간제 #수업 슈퍼카지노-(分【HERO2080。CoM】分)-
온라인카지노하는곳/f1카지노/바카라게임방법 [슈퍼카지노](http://hero2080.com/)",Androgynoushotties
Went out for the first time with (subtle) makeup. I know I don't look very female so I'm looking for tips on what to fix,,Androgynoushotties
Trying my best to look super tough.,,Androgynoushotties
Miaw,,Androgynoushotties
When your fringe falls exactly how you want it!,,Androgynoushotties
"Been feeling self conscious lately, but today I was okay! How is your day going?",,Androgynoushotties
"Fun, classy night out",,Androgynoushotties
I was temporarily possessed by the spirit of David Bowie,,Androgynoushotties
Is this a place for all genders?,,Androgynoushotties
✌️,,Androgynoushotties
Nananananananananananananananana...,,Androgynoushotties
Hair dye didn't last that long...cuz...well...not much hair 👽 [NSFW],,Androgynoushotties
"I may not be the most andro, but I'd love to get feedback!",,Androgynoushotties
gender me?,,Androgynoushotties
Felt a lot more neutral today for a change!,,Androgynoushotties
Hia! Do I belong here?,,Androgynoushotties
Pssshhhaaawwww! Do I make the cut?!,,Androgynoushotties
"Just found this sub, loving it already!",,Androgynoushotties
Androgynous Alien 👽 [NSFW],,Androgynoushotties
Hi again ✨,,Androgynoushotties
"Shitty pic, but this certainly isn't the last time I go goth!",,Androgynoushotties
太陽 T h e S u n,,Androgynoushotties
Just found this subreddit and already digging it! Just wondering if I fit in...,,Androgynoushotties
What do you think of me?,,Androgynoushotties
Am I androgynous? Don't mind the Girlfriend :),,Androgynoushotties
I went to a barber for the first time ever!,,Androgynoushotties
Feeling good with my new cut,,Androgynoushotties
Not sure if i fit the Androgynous type but tempted to grow my hair out..,,Androgynoushotties
"Stefania Ferrario, androgynous model",,Androgynoushotties
hi,,Androgynoushotties
Sebastián Elvira(how I hope to look like one day),,Androgynoushotties
My Negan burlesque costume,,Androgynoushotties
"Thank the Daedra for filters, the pesticides on the containers I work on made my eyes age 15 years.",,Androgynoushotties
Might as well post here. Anyone know who this is?,,Androgynoushotties
It depends on the day,,Androgynoushotties
Just dyed my hair,,Androgynoushotties
Here we are,,Androgynoushotties
hangin out in the closet,,Androgynoushotties
[NSFW] Swimmer life (because everyone needs a dirty mirror selfie),,Androgynoushotties
Androgynoir,,Androgynoushotties
am i androgynous yet? lol,,Androgynoushotties
"Early morning start😅. I prefer my hair straight, what do you think?",,Androgynoushotties
Do I count?,,Androgynoushotties
I'm kinda new to Reddit in general. Don't really know how it works 0:,,Androgynoushotties
Black all the time,,Androgynoushotties
Do I have any hope to ever pass as a woman or do I look too manly for that?,,Androgynoushotties
A title that's not very interesting,,Androgynoushotties
"Going Bowiesque... well, trying to",,Androgynoushotties
I'm kinda androgynous I think,,Androgynoushotties
Ain't got no time to pick a gender!,,Androgynoushotties
"Hi, you guys are always nice to me.",,Androgynoushotties
What piercings do you guys think I should get?,,Androgynoushotties
Raud-reipi on tumblr. A fascinating melt of masculine and feminine.,,Androgynoushotties
Chris and Hobbes,,Androgynoushotties
[self] Pebbles Flinstone? NSFW,,Androgynoushotties
How am I doing? Any Tips?,,Androgynoushotties
ignore the wind in my shirt- i'm not that thicc 👀,,Androgynoushotties
:),,Androgynoushotties
[self] new cut,,Androgynoushotties
I like to experiment with androgyny.,,Androgynoushotties
Should I cut my hair? How?,,Androgynoushotties
Hello again,,Androgynoushotties
3rd day at my new outdoors job. Already sweaty and exhausted,,Androgynoushotties
0ni_bug,,Androgynoushotties
Last day at work :(,,Androgynoushotties
New haircut!,,Androgynoushotties
The many faces of me.,,Androgynoushotties
"My lifeblood. Three to four shots of espresso, minimum.",,Androgynoushotties
Kristen Stewart,,Androgynoushotties
"Was described as ""miserably ugly"" at work, curious as to what you think?",,Androgynoushotties
Filters are great,,Androgynoushotties
"Daniel Nakamura, Brazilian make-up artist and youtuber.",,Androgynoushotties
I like to think that I count. Opinions?,,Androgynoushotties
Study Selfie,,Androgynoushotties
Trying for that 80s metal androgyny,,Androgynoushotties
helloo,,Androgynoushotties
Do I fit in here?,,Androgynoushotties
Seeing if I fit in here...,,Androgynoushotties
Hi. Am I cute?,,Androgynoushotties
"I've been trying to look more androgynous, so I thought I should post here! Do I fit the bill?",,Androgynoushotties
🌹Experimentation with my bodily canvas 🌹,,Androgynoushotties
Gender me ?,,Androgynoushotties
hi there!,,Androgynoushotties
Am I andro enough?,,Androgynoushotties
:-D,,Androgynoushotties
"Maybe not super Andro, but this picture makes me feel like I'm in a boyband. So hi.",,Androgynoushotties
"""Every wallflower boy in every YA movie"" mode",,Androgynoushotties
What even is gender?,,Androgynoushotties
Ivan Rastrepin. The most fab guy around.,,Androgynoushotties
"Finally went short, I feel like a boy in makeup",,Androgynoushotties
Rooney Mara,,Androgynoushotties
[self] I made a tiny bug friend,,Androgynoushotties
[self] idk some kinda vaguely relevant title,,Androgynoushotties
Only two moods apparently,,Androgynoushotties
How am I doing? CCW,,Androgynoushotties
You tell me,,Androgynoushotties
Trying out some lipstick!,,Androgynoushotties
My sister told me I have a somewhat androgynous face,,Androgynoushotties
Do I qualify as an androgynous hottie? :P,,Androgynoushotties
To feel the plant you must be the plant,,Androgynoushotties
"I've always thought I look fairly feminine in some aspects, any tips on how to make them more prominent to look more androgynous??",,Androgynoushotties
Looking like a boy is fun too sometimes,,Androgynoushotties
[self] Pic from after I had gotten home from a party. I'm on the right,,Androgynoushotties
How To Setup Windows Xp/7/8/10 On Your Android Devices 2017 [ Bangla Tut...,,Androgynoushotties
