title,selftext,subreddit
I created an LBGT safe space &amp; support discord online. Welcome to The Island!,"I created an LBGT safe space &amp; support discord online. Welcome to The Island!

Hello,

I created an LBGT safe space &amp; support discord online. I am LGBT myself \[nonbinrary/asexual/aromantic\] and I know how difficult it is to find support in the Discord community - so I made my own.

We have around 300 members and would love to welcome you! We offer:

· Game nights – Cards Against Humanity game TONIGHT, June 27th, approximately 8pm EST! 

· Semi-active voice chat and TWO music bots

· Sweet emojis to use with your nitro or without

· Awesome people to talk to

· Wonderful, LGBT friendly staff 

[https://discord.gg/pxKz4yK](https://discord.gg/pxKz4yK) ",glbt
GLBTQ+ Cancer Screening Survey (Anonymous)," Hi everyone

I'm a medical student working in the Radiation Oncology department at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Our team, led by Dr. Nicole Simone, is fighting to reduce barriers to quality health care outcomes in the GLBTQ+ community.

**At the moment, we're interested in investigating how barriers such as cost and stigmatization may cause patients to forgo or delay vital health care treatments or cancer screening guidelines.** In short, we want to better understand how equitable, fair results can be best obtained for those in the GLBTQ+ community.

\---

If you have a bit of time, we'd love for you to fill out the attached short survey!

[https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW](https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW)

**The survey is entirely confidential** and there is no identifiable material included in it.

\---

Thank you!",glbt
Paid relationship education program for gay couples!,"Hey! My name is Arielle and I'm a queer researcher and relationship skills coach at Northwestern University. I want to give y'all some info about 2GETHER, a project we have going on for male couples.

2GETHER is a paid research study that involves a relationship education program-- where you and your partner can learn healthy relationship skills like communication, coping, and other ways to strengthen your relationship. We have a national online program and an in-person program for people who live in Chicago.

There will be follow-up surveys and free at-home STI testing before and after the 2GETHER program. Because we're a university, all data we collect is protected by IRB and federal regulations. If you and your partner are eligible to take part, you'll see a consent form, which has more info about your privacy rights.

Fun bonus: as a thank you for completing all parts of 2GETHER, each partner will receive $250!

Want to find out if you qualify, or learn more? Check out our eligibility screener: https://redcap.nubic.northwestern.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=YXKMW9JFXY

Even more info on our website: http://2getherstudy.northwestern.edu/

IRB #STU00202802, STU00202939
",glbt
LGBTQ+ Cancer Screening Survey (Anonymous)," Hi everyone

I'm a medical student working in the Radiation Oncology department at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Our team, led by Dr. Nicole Simone, is fighting to reduce barriers to quality health care outcomes in the LGBTQ\+ community.

**At the moment, we're interested in investigating how barriers such as cost and stigmatization may cause patients to forgo or delay vital health care treatments or cancer screening guidelines.** In short, we want to better understand how equitable, fair results can be best obtained for those in the LGBTQ\+ community.

\-\-\-

If you have a bit of time, we'd love for you to fill out the attached short survey!

[https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW](https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW)

**The survey is entirely confidential** and there is no identifiable material included in it.

\-\-\-

Thank you!",glbt
Seriously? Do we really need to do this to ourselves?,,glbt
[Have YOUR voice heard in research] Seeking PARTICIPANTS for an ONLINE STUDY on the experience of ANAL PAIN during sexual activity. [All sexual orientations and gender identities welcome!],"Seeking participants who experience anal pain upon receptive anal penetration. Participants must be able to read and write in English and be over the age of 18. Completion of online questionnaires to assess the experience of anal pain, relationship factors, and sexual functioning and satisfaction will take approximately 20 to 30 minutes. To participate please click on the link below. For more information about this study, contact the Sex Lab by telephone (613) 533-3276 or email sex.lab@queensu.ca. All inquiries are completely confidential.
https://queensu.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_aWQkBCwCAgoDws5",glbt
"Quando alguém diz ""enviar nus"".",,glbt
Help Us Raise Funds to Build an Art Installation for Trans LifeLine,,glbt
Understanding love across different types of romantic relationships Survey,,glbt
Is this a thing?,,glbt
All Loving And Committed Couples Should Be Free To Marry,,glbt
Harvard Talk: Postmodernism &amp; the Mask of Compassion,,glbt
What are some recommended opportunities for side income that don't involve donating plasma?,"Hello, everyone!

I'm a thirty-something American male who enjoys dating transgender women and who also does not want to rely any longer on plasma donation for side income due to the strictures we have in the US against MSMs donating blood. What are some recommended opportunities for earning side income that don't involve plasma donation?

If it's helpful, I've already ruled out working as a simulated juryman due to the fact that most jury focus group companies ban persons who with connections to the insurance industry from serving as panelists. 

Any suggestions and personal experiences will be helpful. Thank you in advance!",glbt
"Single, Gay, No Children - A Reflections (#LGBT #AARP)","An acquaintance was recently involved in a serious car accident. She has a husband and her sober friends have rallied to visit her in the hospital and to create a GoFundMe page to help her with expenses. I often wonder what I would do in similar circumstances. The fabric of society isn’t what it used to be, and the “average” family is anything but average. Many more of us live on our own, are single or serial monogamists, no children. At the moment, I feel vulnerable thinking about what might happen if…

Some years ago, I moved to Texas for work, while the rest of my family remained in Florida. It was the beginning of a new life following my early sobriety when employment opportunities were lean. Sober now for nearly 16 years, Austin has turned out to be a good place for me. I have a home, a dog, serve on the board of my homeowner’s association, and am active in a small faith community, as well as a sober community. Life has been reasonably stable. Periodic stints of unemployment have given way to decent paying jobs and a modicum of success. A bit boring compared to the 7 years I spent as an overseas missionary, but it's darn good overall. 

Future stability strikes my psyche at the moment. Life can change so quickly. I heard an NPR story the other day about the new addictions to electronic devices and the fallout is that we are becoming less empathetic, developing shorter attention spans, and are less connected to one another. The changes in society and our lack of connection to each other seem more pronounced than ever. My fear is that when my turn comes to deal with a major physical life challenge, I will not have the support I need. 

Often one can look to family for support. For me, that is a gamble. My parents are long gone and our family wasn’t ever particularly tight knit, in the way that some are. I have two sisters in Florida. One barely gets by, has had extensive addiction issues and when my father was alive, she was both physically and financially abusive to him. Her daughter, my niece, also took advantage of dad in his vulnerable state. Her son is an active addict, and a trans-confused mess. For the purposes of support, they are not people I could turn to. 

I have another sister, a good bit older than I am. We have been close over the years, vacationed together and talked frequently via phone - until the recent political turn. She is a good person, yet she is very much in the fundamentalist religious camp and controlled in many ways by her church. She favors the current president in a way that worries me.* My sister has three children, one whom I find to be trustworthy, though physical distance keeps us from being very close. One of her sons is dependent on his parents and not very stable or healthy. The other is off in his own world with a wife and no children. 

*(I find the current president downright repulsive and at odds with many key principles of our country. He has appointed people who openly oppose GLBT equality and he seems to lean in a totalitarian direction unlike any leader I have seen in my lifetime.)

Life is fragile. Reminders are all around. Yesterday, I renewed my Texas Driver License. Looking at the old license photo and the new one, I can see that I am an older man than I was 12 years ago. I now have a code on my license requiring that I wear glasses for driving! While healthy at the moment, I realize that there are no guarantees. I worry about what kind of support I would have if circumstances were to change. To be really honest, I sometimes think a life-threatening diagnosis is something that might not be worth fighting, given my single status. Romance has eluded me since I gave up on trying to be straight many years ago. I’m no longer in the very prime of my life and since I have no children, I just have to wonder whether not treating a hypothetical serious illness would be a better choice for me.

Faith communities used to be reliable as a component of support in times of need, especially short term support. The one I am a part of is a nice place to be on a Sunday morning and it is good for my soul. However, I’m not under the impression that it is the kind of community to provide organized, perhaps protracted support in a time of need. Like many communities, members are spread all over the place and religious communities are less communal in that respect these days. 

In conclusion, both my faith and my sober program exhort me to realize that I am never alone and that there is a loving God who looks out for me. I believe this and have experienced it many times in my life. I am also encouraged by the 12 Steps to live in the moment, this present 24 hours, not wasting energy on projection and catastrophic thinking. So, I think this is the right tactic for TODAY. Note to self…. Think about drawing up a Will, a Living Will and burial plans, just in case. ",glbt
The Wedding 2017 Digby and Addam,,glbt
[survey] Experiences of Bisexual Birth Mothers,"https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/bisexualresearch

Hello my name is Meghan Cromie, a  bisexual student at New College of Florida. I am conducting research on the experiences of bisexual mothers and I am inviting you to help. Click the link below to be taken to a survey if you are over 18 years old and have given birth, or had a partner who has given birth. The survey should take approximately 15-20 minutes.

If you are friends with any other bisexual moms, feel free to share this link with them.

Thank you for your time, and for helping conduct needed research!
",glbt
Courtney Act Shares HIV Test Results In Powerful Video,,glbt
[survey] Sexual Minority Women &amp; the LGBTQ+ Community,"My name is Shelby and I’m a Psychology and Gender Studies undergraduate student. I’m conducting a brief survey on sexual minority women, gender presentation, and the LGBTQ community for my thesis research and would love your participation. I am looking for sexual minority women above the age of 18. Your participation should take about 10 minutes and will enable you to provide your voice in research that directly impacts your community. 

Here is the link to the survey: 
https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/D2FSQY5

If you have any questions, contact me at shelby.statham13@ncf.edu. 

Thank you!",glbt
Listen to Meryl: The Cure for Trump Fatigue Is Making Art,,glbt
"Growing up gay, Catholic school was a haven for me",,glbt
Gay Manifesto &amp; International Human Rights Day,,glbt
Liberty University Hosting Two Day Anti-Gay Conference,,glbt
A Gay Man Was Stopped From Singing At His Grandmother's Catholic Funeral Because Of His Sexuality,,glbt
Fighting Against the Trump Presidency: LGBTQ Issues,,glbt
Transgender people are scrambling to update their documentation,,glbt
"Douchebag CEO in Atlanta, beats up gay guy and gets away with it!","Gay Atlanta man hit, kicked; accused claims self-defense

A 26-year-old gay Atlanta man said he was called anti-gay slurs and physically attacked inside a downtown Atlanta hotel, but prosecutors later refused to pursue the criminal case against the man police charged with assaulting him. 

Justin Toland (top photo) said he suffered a concussion, several cuts and back injuries during an altercation with Judah Clark, 39, at the Westin Peachtree Plaza Hotel on Dec. 16. Toland said that after dinner with his date at the Sun Dial Restaurant at the top of the hotel, the two men were stopped to use a fifth-floor bathroom. When Toland's date asked him if he was okay, Toland said a man later identified as Clark said he couldn't use the restroom ""with the faggots in there,"" according to an Atlanta police incident report. 

""When we walked out of the restrooms together, there was a man and woman standing there leaning up against a wall,"" Toland told Project Q Atlanta. ""He said use the ladies room next time, faggot. At that point, I knew it was the guy from the bathroom.""

Toland and Clark engaged in an argument as the men proceeded to the hotel exit. 

""He was so mad that I would turn around and say something and defend myself. He look so pissed,"" Toland said.

Toland proceeded down an escalator to the fourth floor where Clark was standing and Toland told police that Clark struck him in the face. Toland told Project Q that he then followed Clark into the lobby, where Clark then allegedly attacked him again.

""Halfway into the lobby, he turns around and just kicks me out of nowhere,"" Toland said, adding that the blow knocked him back and he fell and landed on his back and elbow.

Toland said he was yelling for help as he followed Clark to the valet stand so he could get the license plate number of Clark's car. A nearby Atlanta police officer heard the commotion and intervened.

Clark told police that he was in the bathroom with Toland and that Toland threatened him as he left, according to the incident report. Clark also told police that Toland ""rushed him"" several times in the lobby. He said that he punched Toland once in the face and kicked Toland several times to defend himself, according to the incident report.

Clark told police that he started to record the altercation on his cellphone when the incident escalated. An Atlanta police officer could hear some of the verbal altercation on the recording, including Toland calling Clark a bigot, according to the incident report.

Atlanta police reviewed video footage that showed only a portion of the confrontation between the two men, including when Clark turned around ""in a fighting stance"" to face Toland at the bottom of the escalator, according to the incident report.

""As soon as Mr. Toland reaches the bottom of the escalator Mr. Clark struck him in the face with a closed fist. The two then separated and I enter the frame only seconds later,"" Officer Michael Vermillion wrote in the incident report. 

As paramedics treated Toland for his facial injuries in the hotel lobby, Vermillion arrested Clark. The incident report noted that Clark was holding a metal Trayvax wallet with ""finger grooves that allow it to be held as a striking instrument."" The incident report did not indicate it Clark used the wallet when he struck Toland.

""I was in shock. I couldn't believe that it happened and I was really upset,"" Toland said in an interview.



'The defendant acted in self-defense'
 

Clark (second photo), who lives in Roswell, was arrested and booked into the Fulton County Jail on a misdemeanor charge of battery with substantial physical harm. He was released on a $1,500 signature bond.

Clark is the founder and CEO of Presto Restoration Products and two other companies that specialize in exterior restoration and waterproofing for high-rise buildings across the U.S. He also publishes videos on his YouTube page called The Fishing Adventures of Judah Clark. The popular channel has more than 11,500 subscribers and 4.1 million video views.

Clark called the incident ""a bunch of lies"" in an email response to questions about the altercation from Project Q. He denied that he used anti-gay slurs and said video footage from the hotel showed that he was defending himself from Toland.

""I would never use gay, racial or any derogatory slurs towards anyone. I have many gay friends and I always have, I was born and raised in Atlanta for Gods sake,"" Clark said.

""I was forced to make contact with Justin 3 times while trying to get away from him. Each instance he charged at me and you can clearly see in the video that I never once advanced towards him. The entire time he was yelling and cursing and I was silent trying to calm him down,"" Clark added.

A Fulton magistrate bound the case over to state court during a Dec. 31 hearing. It was assigned to Fulton State Court Judge Jane Morrison, a lesbian first elected to the bench in 2012. A trial was set for Aug. 10, but prosecutors abandoned the case before trial.

Clark, in his statement to Project Q, applauded Morrison for dropping the case.

""The judge, an outspoken lesbian herself, dropped the charges for good reason,"" Clark said.

But the prosecution – and the decision to drop the case – was actually made in the Fulton County Solicitor General's office. Carmen Smith, the Solicitor General, said interviews with witnesses and video from the hotel where the altercation occurred supported Clark's claim that he was defending himself after the initial verbal confrontation.

""We certainly understand that Mr. Toland was offended and upset by certain language that the defendant used,"" Smith said in an email.

""After the verbal exchange, the victim and the defendant version of what happened differs. However, the interviews of other witnesses and the videos of the Westin support the defendant’s claim that Mr. Toland came after him and that the defendant acted in self-defense. Based on facts and the evidence, the state could not successfully prosecute this case,"" Smith added.

Toland said he felt ""betrayed"" by the case being dropped against Clark.

""I was so mad and so many emotions came over me. It's been a long six months. I felt betrayed by the system and that's when I decided I'm not going to be quiet about this,"" said Toland, who has since posted detailed accounts of the incident on his Facebook page.

Clark said he is planning to file a civil lawsuit against Toland, Atlanta police and the Westin. He threatened to sue Project Q if a story was published about the incident.

""Justin is about to be served papers on this matter as well as the Atlanta police department and the Westin hotel. Not to threaten you, but if you release his story of lies and my name is included I will be forced to include you and your organisation [sic] in the civil case as well,"" Clark said. 

In a follow-up email, Clark threatened to sue Project Q a second time


http://www.projectq.us/atlanta/gay_atlanta_man_hit_kicked_accused_claims_self_defense?gid=17959",glbt
Bill would prevent LGBT discrimination at religious schools,,glbt
Tears Shed for Orlando,,glbt
AllGayNetwork.net New Forums - Let's get the conversation started!,,glbt
This guy is a hero in my book...,,glbt
heteroflexible?,What do you feal about the labels heteroflexible and homoflexible? Should they  ( i )  just use bi?,glbt
LGBQ Participants in Intimate Relationships Needed For Online Study. Have your voice heard in research! (http://swb.sexlab.ca),,glbt
Undergrad lesbian women: Please consider taking this survey about how we make plans for the future!,,glbt
Russian Lawyer Claims Coverage of Tiger-Goat Friendship is 'Gay Propaganda',,glbt
Research paper,"Hi everyone, first time poster!

I'm doing a research paper for my Intro to GLBT Studies class regarding mental health in the queer community. I'm a cis bi female with anxiety and bipolar disorders but can't rely on my experiences alone. 

I was just wondering, if anyone is mentally ill and in the GLBT community, are there any online resources you use to cope? Have you ever read articles? I'm using sources from medical journals but want some real-life experiences too. 

Thanks in advance for any help!",glbt
How To Make Your Holigays Fruitier Than A Fruitcake»,,glbt
"Everyone can calm down, we've made the #StarbucksRedCup better.",,glbt
My journey into realizing I'm Androgyne,"So I've known I was different since I was a 15 teenage boy I was bisexual and somewhat feminine, but now at 34 I finally came across the term Androgyne and watched people talk on YouTube, and was ""crap! that's me!"" I feel both male and female simultaneously, and I'm skinny and have very long red hair, sometimes wear makeup and skirt, but at 6'4"" I'm not fooling anyone, nor am I trying to.

My real question is how do I break this family and friends, particularly older ones, who have never heard of terms like ""cisgender"", ""genderqueer"", or ""gender fluid"". My younger friends totally get it, they may have questions, but are respectful.

My final question is about dealing with micro-agression, as in people asking somewhat condescending questions, or saying ""I'll just treat you like a chick now"", or other things. Any tips on handling that?

Thanks in advance for any tips to someone who has finally found their proper label.

You can address me as he/him or she/her, I'm both anyway ☺",glbt
"Ticket A108: Norrie, Sam, and Another Push in the Fight for Marriage Equality in Australia",,glbt
A little gay pride anyone?,,glbt
"Angela Merkel against gay marriage, in favor of union of 'man &amp; woman'",,glbt
GLBT Mod Help needed,"Hi, 

I'm looking to have a diverse group of mods assist me in my new sub-reddit r/steelerz...

I just want to gather as much perspective from the largest and most wide ranging community I can find.

Thanks!

Dave",glbt
Tom Erik Raspotnik of the temples of Satan and co owner of Temple of the ancient dragon shows his hate towards transgendered people,,glbt
"Grandville, Michigan Shop Owner Says People With Guns Get Discounts, No Service for Gay Customers",,glbt
Laws against men wearing skirts in the workplace?,"Hello glbt redditors! I'm hoping someone here might have some experience with this issue and could point me toward a resource.  I apologize in advance for the length of my question. 

We have a male employee who 6 mo. ago asked us if he could wear a skirt to work. The company dress-code doesn't expressly forbid it, it wouldn't be inappropriate for work/safety reasons, it isn't inappropriate for a woman, so I didn't see why he shouldn't. I did mention that we have a free-spirited and therefore easily-distracted staff, and that he was welcome to wear what he is comfortable in, but to keep it professional (ie, not a mini,) and not to do so if all he wanted was to cause a scene.  Otherwise, feel free. The rest of my store mgmt agreed.  He has worn a skirt a handful of times, and it has been a non-issue for everyone.

One of our district managers sent him home today to change without consulting any of us, and the employee is upset/angry. I agree with my employee: he was given permission, and there is nothing controversial about the skirt he wears, it is a comfortable garment that would be appropriate on a female employee. 

Has anyone here encountered a similar situation, personally or through a contact, where a company restricted this for non-safety reasons? Is there a resource for laws regarding dress-code? ",glbt
Catholic Church signals 'seismic shift' on gay rights | Al Jazeera America,,glbt
It's official! 30 states now have gay marriage!,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ysvnrFUBgFA

Supreme court refused 5 states appeals to ban gay marriage, which in effect means gay marriage is now allowed in those states AS WELL AS any states that passed laws that prohibit gay marriage.

the only states left are those who haven't specified the issue and currently don't include gay's in their marriage clauses...

The battle is almost won! America is slow to learn, but we will get there!! ",glbt
Comic Book Hero Archie Will Die Taking A Bullet For Gay Friend,,glbt
Bleeding gratitude for her Little Monsters – Lady Gaga’s ArtRave tour at Detroit’s Joe Louis,,glbt
Please sign to prevent deportation (to her death) of lesbian woman back to Nigeria.,,glbt
'coming out of the closet' and the fear of hurting people you love,"This is a prank of 2 boys, but the emotions of the mother are real. I think that the idea that you are going to be a disappointment to the people you love the most, is a strong motivator to stay 'in the closet'.",glbt
Please help in participating a study about GLBT relationships. I appreciate it! My motivation is many of the relationships study are based on heterosexuals! Thank you!,"Recruitment Letter
Dear Potential Participant,
 
My name is Rich Zamora and I am a doctoral candidate in the department of Counseling and Educational Psychology at New Mexico State University.  I would like to invite you to participate in my research study to explore the relationship experiences of LGB individuals. You may participate if you are at least 18 years of age, identify as an LGB person, and reside in the United States.
 
Participants will be asked to complete a demographic questionnaire and an internet survey. The survey will take approximately 10-15 minutes to complete. There will be no cost to you.
 
I will not be collecting any information that identifies you. You may elect to skip any
question(s) that you do not wish to answer. You may not receive any benefit for completing this study; however, you may be gratified to know that you are contributing to our knowledge relationship experiences of LGB individuals.
 
Please feel free to forward this study to others who may be qualified to participate.  However, you are not required to do so and this will not be tracked to see if you have forwarded the information. There will be no way to identify and connect your responses with anyone you may have received information about this study from or forwarded this information to. In other words, no one will be able to tell if you received the study from another individual or forwarded the information on to another individual.
 
If you have questions about the study, please feel free to ask; my contact information is given below. If you have complaints, suggestions, or questions about your rights as a research volunteer, contact the staff in New Mexico State University Office of Compliance at 575-646-7177 orovpr@nmsu.edu. This study has been approved by the Institutional Review Board (IRB #10726-A).
 
You can read more about this study and complete the survey by going to the following
site:
 
https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/zamorastudy
 
Thank you in advance for your assistance with this important project.
 
Sincerely,
 
Richard Calleja Zamora, MS
Doctoral Candidate
Department of Counseling and Educational Psychology
New Mexico State University
PHONE: 702-321-5158
E-MAIL: rczamora@nmsu.edu
 
Eve Adams, Ph.D.
Associate Professor and Training Director
Department of Counseling and Educational Psychology
New Mexico State University
PHONE: 575-646-1142
E-MAIL: eadams@nmsu.edu
",glbt
Ex-Westboro Baptist Church Leader Fred Phelps is Finally Dying,,glbt
"Women can get HIV from other women during sex, CDC reports",,glbt
"Paula Deen compares her situation to that of a gay, aspiring NFL football player",,glbt
GLBT heroes willing to volunteer in defense of this country should be guaranteed workplace protection. Pass the Employment Non-Discrimination Act now!,,glbt
"Companies based in Arizona, give them a call!",,glbt
Arizona Mormon mom defends her gay son against the dodos in her state and church [Video],,glbt
"PFLAG Howard County, Maryland's annual Valentines dance... Tuesday, February 11th. Come join us for a night of dancing. All ages welcome!",,glbt
"South Dakota is about to pass bills that will make any condemnation of glbts protected speech, and let any business bar glbts as a class, and make it illegal to sue about this.",,glbt
Gay Lesbian Bisexual Transgender &amp; Queer Jamaica: Bisexual man facing deportation to Jamaica has flight cancelled,,glbt
Alec Baldwin Calls Anderson Cooper a ‘Butt Pirate’,,glbt
"WNBA ref: ""Technical foul"" for kissing",,glbt
Should Your Sexual Identity Be Standard Information On Your Medical Records?,,glbt
The Sanctity of Basic Human Dignity,"As one of the majority of Australians who support gay marriage I just want to express my extreme disappointment that we are now unlikely to get it for at least 3 more years.

Fuck I am sorry :(

P.S. Australia is a very secular country and this is almost entirely a  discrimination issue. As an 'h' I refute my right to marry until it is an option accessible to everyone.
",glbt
WNBA Player takes to twitter to protest gay marriage,"San Antonio Silver Star player Sophia Young has voiced her opinion on Gay Marriage and said she wants a NO vote on the discrimination ordinance because it would allow Gay Marriage in San Antonio... obviously very uneducated. SHe voiced this opinion on Twitter (@SophiaYoung33)... after being educated on what the ordinance really is about she said she still stands by her beliefs and wants the vote to still be no.

Media that has reached out to Sophias ""Reps"" have been told she will not be releasing a statement and her views havent changed and that she still votes no

.... soooo basically even though she knows that ordinance is going to support discrimination against gays, military vets, and disabled people.. and has ZERO to do with gay marriage and she thinks that people should have the right to discriminate.

Everyone that knows anything about the WNBA knows that there is a huge number of gay fans and she just spit in all of their faces. Not to mention the amount of gay players on her team and in the league.

And everyone that knows anything about San Antonio knows that San Antonio is a city that is full of military personel and vets.

People need to let the San Antonio Silver Stars know that we don't want Sophia representing the team!

So all of you gay people and military people and disabled people... think about that next time you see Sophia Young

To contact various people with the San Antonio Silver Stars:

CEO
PHolt@attcenter.com

VP of Public Affairs
LGomez@attcenter.com

President
RPych@attcenter.com

Coach
DHughes@attcenter.com",glbt
Santa Fe County 2nd in NM issuing same-sex marriage licenses!,,glbt
Judge Rules Gays Can marry In Colonbia,,glbt
LOUD &amp; PROUD,,glbt
Supreme Court ruling on gay marriage benefits immigrants,,glbt
Chicago - Lesbian and gay couples eligible for green cards - 46 - GLBT News,,glbt
Twerkin' It Fo Real,,glbt
"Sex, the Military, Hypocrisy, and ""Combat Readiness""...",,glbt
Marco Rubio suggests that it is okay to discriminate against gays... but he's not a bigot!,,glbt
Missing husband...,,glbt
Good news from the Netherlands about gay marriage,"Good news. A new law in the Netherlands makes sure no civil servant performing marriages can refuse to marry two people of the same sex. This used to be possible, as long as another civil servant in the same city would be willing perform the ceremony; but no more.

 I'm glad; to me not performing the ceremony because gay people are involved feels similar to refusing to give a gay person their passport. 

No more legally allowed discrimination!",glbt
"Britney Griner--the out top pick in recent WMNBA draft--signs endorsement deal with Nike, and will model both men's and women's clothing",,glbt
Why people of color should care about hate crimes committed to GLBT,,glbt
"Gay scouts allowed, but NO GAY LEADERS",,glbt
"President of 'Renew America' pens column about how the Mormon Church is turning Boy Scots into ""Girl Scouts""",,glbt
"Texas: still trying to ""legislate morality"" ...",,glbt
"texas leftist: Is Houston's Mayor ""Playing It Safe"" on GLBT equality?","Houston Mayor Annise Parker made history in 2009 as the first openly gay person to lead one of the nation's largest cities.  But since that time, she's done little to advance GLBT rights for the citizens of Houston, and is unwilling to even bring GLBT issues up for a vote in council.  Houston progressives want to know why our Mayor won't stand up for equality.    http://texasleftist.blogspot.com/2013/04/is-houstons-mayor-playing-it-safe-on.html",glbt
"Petition I started to get ""One Million Mom's"" declared a hate group for boycotting the JC Penny ad with 2 Moms.",,glbt
Body positivity and queer community,,glbt
Unknown Alex's Journal Entry #3,"You know, I've learned something today when it comes to other gays, We are some judgmental bitches. You wouldn't think we were seeing how we are the minority right, but the thing is... we aren't so judgmental about other people, but towards our own kind. For instance I saw a gay guy with a purse and thought it was really funny and made some cracks about it with my friends and now im like,now im thinking to myself, Alex... just because your not as flamboyant ( and i use this word nicely not like in a mean hate kinda way and if anyone thinks of it that way well pooh on you sir, or mam) doesn't mean that he isn't someone you could actually like, learn to respect, hell even in be good friends with, but what do i do? I act like a snobbish bitch and laugh about it. Man, if this guy ever reads this I just want to say i am so sorry. 

 another thing Ive noticed, we , and i use we as a general we not a everyone we, are total assholes to shall we say, Larger men. We act like because they can't fit into a child's pair of jeans that their fat and need to be rejected from our social groups and this is extremely pathetic!!! You would think out of all the people in the whole fucking world, we would be the ones to accept and give a damn ESPECIALLY to someone else who is a homosexual, but no! we act like total queens and say they cant hang out with us so go sit at the losers table if you will. 

And you know what took me to realize this? I'm a fat ass and had it pointed out to me by another male, and was all hurt by it but than i realized, i do the same shit to other people! As i started to look around at my peers, I realized... They  are just as bad about it! 

You know some day i hope i lose all this weight, become a friggen sexy god, and every time a boyfriend of mine made fun of a fat guy, i would dump him on the spot and go hang out with that guy because god only knows he probably has way more sense than I and the dude i was with combined, specially me for dating the loser. 

This has been a Rant and Rage from Unknown Alex.

PS: Total y hope that whoever i end up with is the sweetest person on earth and not someone i just deal with. I hope i have enough braincells after  dealing with society's drama that i can tell the difference between an asshole and a decent person.

-UnknownAlex
",glbt
Altared states; More countries legalise gay marriage,,glbt
"cum on me, bro",,glbt
Petition Against Texas A&amp;M Anti-GLBT Center Student Senate Bill,,glbt
Fans Threaten DC Comics Boycott Over Orson Scott Card Hiring (VIDEO) - Huffington Post,,glbt
The Simplicity of Gay Right,,glbt
"Is it correct for Adria Richards to mock gay men in this video called ""Startup Hotness?""",,glbt
"Bumper sticker idea - please tell me if it's thickheaded / tasteless, &amp; the phrasing isn't quite there yet either... ",,glbt
"Marriage Equality Logo: ""Marriage Equality. And ..."" ",,glbt
That moment when you find out your extremely liberal friend is against gay marriage...,,glbt
Looking for a Better Understanding: How Has Heteronormativity Affected Your Healthcare Experiences?,"I am working on a class presentation to a nursing school. I was hoping to gain some insight on cultural biases that the GLBT community faces when they seek healthcare. How have stereotypes or ""moral opinions"" made your healthcare experiences worse.

The goal of the project is to teach nursing students to better interact with GLBT members. 

For each situation that was handled poorly, could you also state a better way to interact?

Thanks for helping.",glbt
A Sea Change in Less Than 50 Years as Gay Rights Gained Momentum,,glbt
Commons Approves Transgender Rights Bill  - Canada,,glbt
Free publication downloads from HRC from Coming Out to Guides to GLBT friendly companies to Guides for Straight GLBT supporters,,glbt
"Thought you might like to know that the second reading of the gay marriage bill here in New Zealand passed, 77-44 :)",Three more steps and then it's law!,glbt
Shitty Mood [xpost from /r/ainbow],"I joined a group on Facebook called GLBT UNIVERSE a few hours ago. I introduced myself as a pansexual genderqueer FAAB. Got told that bi and pan are the same thing, pansexual means I'm horny for everyone, pansexual is confusedsexual, and had idiots debating over whether I'm a guy or a girl. All in a few hours. One of the idiots was one of the admins. And after she told them my profile says female, she said ""She's dating a guy. Go figure.""

I ended up deleting the thread and leaving the group.",glbt
I made everyone a wallpaper! (updated to be more accurate),,glbt
Don't know if this is the right place to go...,"Hiya!

My wonderful Uncle is taking part in the AIDS Lifecycle again this year...and I noticed he was a little short of his goal. That makes me sad. He has a Facebook, but I'm not certain how much he's spreading the word about what the AIDS Lifecycle on the whole is doing to raise money to fight AIDS and treat those who have it. So...I thought I'd help out. :) He doesn't know I'm doing this, but he's fucking awesome and when he completes his ride we go out to dinner, so I'd like to do whatever I can. He's the best uncle in the world, IMHO.

This is a link to his personal fundraiser page. Donations are awesome, but I'd really just like to get the word out about this more -- though there are some people who post about it on reddit if you look. I think what they're doing is fantastic and every little bit helps!!

http://www.tofighthiv.org/site/TR?px=2763205&amp;fr_id=1550&amp;pg=personal",glbt
Our dog wants the middle,,glbt
This popular teacher was fired from catholic high school because of pro-gay marriage blog post.,,glbt
Anti-Gay Bigots at High School in Indiana Creating Segregated Prom,,glbt
Progress,"I love that, these days, people make the news for being homophobic douchebags.


It wasn’t that long ago when people made the news for speaking out FOR gay rights, with people pointing and whispering, oh the scandal...well, they must be queer, too, if they’re standing up for the queers. 


OH the scandal.


But now? It’s the bigots that get called out.


That shift is progress.


I’ve heard comments regarding the bakery in Oregon that turned away a lesbian couple because of their sexual identity that suggested, “What’s the big deal? It’s their business, they should be able to do what they want.”


What’s the big deal...that’s just so sad to me that someone would ask that.


The fact that THIS is making news and people are stepping up and calling bullshit...is progress.


It wasn’t THAT long ago when people that asked what the big deal was about segregation. 


“What’s the big deal? They can still be served, but at ‘their own’ businesses.”


Remember that? Disgusting, isn’t it?


Tell me the difference. 


No, the ACTUAL difference, not something you’ve come up with based on your interpretation of the bible or some fear based rhetoric.


That’s right, you can’t.


Progress is beautiful.


Evolve. 


Or be fearful and bigoted, and watch the world pass you by.


Your choice.",glbt
"Sadie, 11-Year-Old Transgender Girl, Writes Essay In Response To Obama's Inauguration Speech",,glbt
Rooster Tails - Queer 101 Redux Pg1,,glbt
Enjoy one of the most unique festivals in Bloomington at the 10th Annual PRIDE! | BEAD,,glbt
"I think this facebook group can use some of your views and opinions. ""Heterosexual Awareness Month""",,glbt
Help lesbian couple win a wedding!!! VOTE for Heidi and Laurie NOW!!,,glbt
Bishop Defies Church and Joins Illinois GLBT Community in Fight for Marriage Equality,,glbt
cool short docco about actors who play gay,,glbt
Even gays can be hypocrites - defending Tim Kurek,,glbt
FNF S6EP01 – Oversucking the digital titty | Friday Night Furlosophy,,glbt
"Supreme Court accepts DOMA cases, a review of court decisions on gay marriage",,glbt
So ... I just handed my friend a jar of my sperm ... ,"My lesbian friend (and her partner) asked me to be the father of their child. I'm a gay man and it's been a lifelong dream to have kids. Never thought it would happen. I just handed her my sperm (and she gave me a snack size Cherry Ripe Chocolate in exchange) and then she ran off to do her thing with a syringe. (Glamorous, I know!) This is our first try and I'm excited, scared, frantic, ecstatic, freaked out. Just needed to tell someone. I'm going to be a Dad!!!!!!!!!!",glbt
This is pretty fucked up,,glbt
Alabama Lesbian Mallory Owens Brutally Attacked By Girlfriend's Brother During Thanksgiving Dinner ,,glbt
Is Boeing going to deny survivor pension benefits to gay employees that get married in Washington State?,,glbt
Changing perspectives on gay marriage [charts],,glbt
"Lana Wachowski's coming out speech as transwoman:  ""Invisibility is indivisible from visibility; for the transgender this is not simply a philosophical conundrum -- it can be the difference between life and death.""",,glbt
Check and Mate:  classy and well done argument exposing anti-gay rhetoric for what it is.,,glbt
'White people are less likely to be gay': Poll reveals African-American community has highest percentage of 'LGBT' adults in U.S.,,glbt
Former 'Guiding Light' actress Maureen Garrett comes out,,glbt
Happy Coming Out week!,,glbt
Honey Boo Boo's words of wisdom,,glbt
Smoking lifestyle safer than Gay Marriage...,,glbt
Hell's Kitchen-Minneapolis,,glbt
Hey all...I need some help from Reddit sleuths!!!,"This website http://www.rslevinson.com/gaylesissu...atform1972.htm
 is being used by a hard right-winger to argue that the LGBT community as part of its ""agenda""...lol...want to do away with Age of Consent laws.

He cites this website and a convention that was supposed to have been held in Chicago in 1972, yet I can not find any other source providing the same information.  Something about the site doesn't feel right but I'm not that great at internet research and thought some of you might be.

So here's what I would like to find out.

1.  Is this site legit?
2.  Did the conference happen?
3.  Who is Robert Levinson and is he truly a proponent of the LGBT community?


If this has been discussed before I am sorry for the regurgitation.  Please just point me in the right direction.  Thanks!!!.
",glbt
"Gay Teen's car vandalized 4 times in as few months, only to have a body shop do $10000 worth of repairs to make his car near new again!",,glbt
"Hey, let's stuff the ballot box in our little community newsletter poll. Yay for same-sex marriage in Canada!",,glbt
Army Woman Is First Openly Gay Officer Promoted to General,,glbt
Pride Pants Highlight Diversity - and Pride :: EDGE on the Net,,glbt
"TIL: Sally Ride, first woman in space, was outed by her obituary. She's been in a loving, same gender relationship for the last 27 years. ",,glbt
Looking for a book..and please don't tell me the bible.,"I'm starting here because I didn't know who else to ask.

My best friend is a lesbian and she is also a christian.
She was brought up in a family that doesn't support her lifestyle and she honestly believes that she is going to hell. Since I can't relate to this I'm asking for help because I can't stand to see her upset and I think she could use some guidance. 

Does anyone know of any good books I could get her or places I could to suggest to her. I started to look online but there were so many options I got overwhelmed. and there is only so much I can say but hopefully I can give her the tools for her to become more accepting of herself. 

Any recommendations would be great!",glbt
Congressman Barney Frank weds in same-sex marriage ,,glbt
Fighting Back--The Stonewall Riots,,glbt
Good Guy Desmond Tutu or I just watched 'For the Bible Tells Me So' ,,glbt
Male Homosexuality may be an evolutionary benefit.,,glbt
Photo collection of Parisian Trans prostitutes in the 1960's.,,glbt
"Different or same-sex couples can get married in Buenos Aires, regardless of nationality",,glbt
Our real first gay president,,glbt
Black Churches against gay marriage:,"To all the black preachers today using scripture to condemn gay marriage, are we still to ignore the scriptures approval of slavery or is that now valid again?  
http://www.openbible.info/topics/slavery ",glbt
"The most senior Catholic Cardinal here in the UK recently outlined his argument against same-sex marriage. Rhetorical Fallacies analyzes his speech, pretty much calls bullshit.",,glbt
Homophobic Rant During Lincoln's Anti-Discrimination Law Hearings ,,glbt
Kudos to Rolling Stone for using feminine pronouns in their article on Against Me's Tom Gabel. One of very few news sources to do so.,,glbt
Goldman Sachs Group Chief Executive Lloyd Blankfein said on Wednesday his recent very public support for gay rights had cost the investment bank at least one client. ,,glbt
NOM Is a Classless Piece of Shit,,glbt
"Lies Exposed: After two days of unsubstantiated claims about an elderly woman ""violently beaten"" for refusing to take down her anti-gay yard sign, NOM has finally posted the police report on the incident.",,glbt
"Kos article: trans woman killed in Oakland, no one cares? Yup. Local media ignoring trans killings",,glbt
"Pastor Sean Harris: ""...the second you see your son dropping the limp wrist, you walk over there and crack that wrist. Man up. Give him a good punch.""",,glbt
Homophobe.,,glbt
California proposes a bill that will outlaw “ex-gay” therapy for children under 18,,glbt
Silence = Death,,glbt
"Dear 40-Year-Old Me | Illinois Safe Schools Alliance
      - YouTube",,glbt
Say Hi to the new and only Mod.  Me.,"Hi gang, just wanted to announce my becoming mod.  More info coming soon!",glbt
"Georgia's Berry College students meet with administrators to discuss forming official LGBT campus group after student victim of anti-gay, racist slurs",,glbt
Republican Support is the Problem!,,glbt
"Guardianship, GLBT teens, and bears, oh my. (Please advise)","My husband and i do not have any human children, but we live in a very family friendly small town with and great school system. We also live in a house with 3 extra bedrooms.  My sister's family and parents live about 700 miles away in the town i grew up in. It's never been a very wholesome community, and in the last 10 years it has gotten extremely bad. The schools are particularly horrible.   

about 4 years ago, because of some trouble at school (teasing and bullying), my sister took her daughter out of the public school, and pays for her to commute 50 miles away, to attend a wealthy Christian middle school. Niece was doing better for a while, but being the only lower middle class/non-white/bi-sexual kid is starting to be ""problematic"" for her classmates. The teachers are even being exceptionally ignorant of the torment they inflict on Niece. In addition to the the poor treatment she is receiving at the school, she can not attend the school after 8th grade, because the High school is private, extremely expensive, and does not offer an education compatible with my family's views. (Schools music teacher would not allow Niece to play guitar in band. ""It's a boy's instrument"" was the reason. The only reason my sister still sends her here is because there is literally no other schools, and can not homeschool)

So- Knowing Niece was going to have to change schools for High School, and knowing her options are limited, Husband and I have offered Niece to live with us during the school year, so she could attend the school in our town. But because of recent troubles at school (and home), Niece wants to move a year sooner, and start school here with us this coming August.

This leads me to my request for help. First off- we don't know how to proceed with the legal questions we have. What level of guardianship do we have to obtain? I am sure it varies state to state. Also- how does that work with insurance, etc? Who/ what department of local government do i talk to about this with? Preferably, Niece would remain on Sisters insurance and taxes and just be under my guardianship for school term. With that, we plan on a written contract describing our household rules, expectations of care, etc signed by all. Sister would be purchasing big items and providing Niece a stipend as well as money for household/ school costs. Any suggestions as to an amount? What does a 13 year kid cost a month? I am sure this depends on the kid and a lot of things in Niece's life will change. Because of her commute she can not participate in many school activities. She has never gotten the opportunity to pick her own musical instrument, join wrestling, hockey, football, drama, etc. and looks forward to getting to.  She also plans on focusing on improving her grades, with our help.

Next Parenting- what the heck is that all about? I don't have children, and i really wasn't much of a kid myself. I really want the parenting aspect of Niece's life to change. Her parents (Mainly Bro-in-law) fight with her constantly and get down on her about her appearance, grades, and mental abilities. She recently came out as bisexual (She has said once or twice that she is lesbian) to the family, but her parents are willfully ignoring this, and even say to her ""no you are not"".  Niece is very tomboy- she likes to wear boys clothes and very baggy things (her dad now forbids her to wear boys clothes). She always wants a very short haircut modeled off of young tragic looking boys and this drives her parents crazy and they get on her about it. 

 So- that being the case, i already feel like there is going to be a conflict between the parenting styles she will be exposed to- and worry that this will make her a crazy girl. Also, i worry, that in my weak moments, under enough stress or frustration, i might subject Niece to the kind of parenting i received and Niece already gets that from Sister. I also worry about something happening to her in my care. She is statistically WAY more likely to be raped, assaulted, kidnapped, or murdered where she currently is, but what if that happened here in the snug little community i put so much faith into? What if i am a horrible role model and she ends up smoking crack and turning tricks behind the local rotary club? Not that i do that... but  What if she gets hurt or sick?   I also worry about being able to help her through issues that might arise because of her sexuality.  And what of issues people have with her sexuality? What if her friends parents won't allow sleep overs, swimming trips or won't let Niece bunk with their daughters on school trips? 

Waaayyy TL;DR:
It is looking very likely i will become the legal guardian of a 13 year old niece, who recently came out. How legal of a guardian do i have to become? What is this process like? What does a teenager cost approximately a month? What issues should i be aware of/ tips/ tricks do you have for raising a well adjusted, happy, healthy GLBT teen?",glbt
How I asked my girlfriend (expost from pics by owner),,glbt
Cool Kickstarter project for queers,,glbt
I woke up to this background on my laptop... I love my BF!,,glbt
Gay marriage is not a 'human right': European ruling torpedoes Coalition stance,,glbt
" Just a Bit Radical Magazine-An LGBTQ magazine for youth ages 13-30! By the people, for the people!",,glbt
"Gay blind dates - Cute video on awkward moments this guy has experienced on blind dates, and odd things people actually say on a first date.  Worth a smile.",,glbt
transgirl to earth,,glbt
Anton Hysén - One Year Out,,glbt
"Reddit, look what my school has come to!",,glbt
"Bear Rapper, Big Dipper, Reaches for the Sky",,glbt
"Thank you President Obama, for making this possible. 50 Years from now I will remember you for finally giving equal rights and respect to those of us serving our country. ",,glbt
Astonishing GLBT X-Men In Action,,glbt
ARIZONA: Anti-Immigrant Sheriff Accused Of Threatening To Deport His Boyfriend,,glbt
NJ Senate approves gay marriage; veto looms,,glbt
Ten years of gay marriage in the Netherlands. Some numbers.,"Gay marriage became legal in the Netherlands in 2001. 

From 2005 until 2009 annually about 610 gay couples (men) and 690 couples of lesbians married. During the same period, on average 45 gay married couples and 100 lesbian married couples divorced annually.

In the same period, in the Netherlands 72.000 heterosexual couples married annually and 32.000 heterosexual married couples divorced annually (the total population of the Netherlands was between 15.5 and 16 million in that period). 

Source: [in Dutch, sorry](http://www.nu.nl/binnenland/2723106/lesbiennes-scheiden-veel-meer-dan-homos.html)",glbt
Preventing gender bullying,,glbt
The Right-To-Bully Law,,glbt
"If you suspected or knew about your preference at a young age, what would been the best thing for your parents to tell you? (x-post from AskReddit)","Please comment on original post here:

http://www.reddit.com/r/AskReddit/comments/nsk73/glbt_redditors_if_you_suspected_or_knew_about/

Thank you everyone!",glbt
From what I can tell you can still downvote the Rick Perry ad on youtube if you want...,,glbt
#LivingWithStraightBoys (blog),,glbt
Homo Riot,,glbt
Queer Before Queer ,,glbt
What’s Queer About Psychoanalysis?  ,,glbt
Meanwhile in Australia,,glbt
This a friend who is undergoing FTM testosterone Treatments. Show him some love!  Part 1,,glbt
"I'm doing my best here, can someone more knowledgeable help out?",,glbt
"Meanwhile in Alice, Texas... Gay Cheerleader gets suspended and kicked out of the cheerleading squad. For what? you might ask...",,glbt
Fitness magazine recommendation?,"Can anyone recommend a good fitness/health magazine that caters, or at least acknowledges, their gay readership? I like what's on the covers of the men's magazines in supermarket stands, but every time I pick one up I'm disappointed by all the focus on bulking up to get chicks, advertisements for products to get chicks and sex tips to use on chicks. ",glbt
"Pastor who ordered attack on a gay couple, arrested for stealing.",,glbt
"Today at lunch my boss repeatedly referred to Chaz Bono as a ""he-she""  - what should I do?","Some (possibly superfluous) background:  

I have been working for this boss for a little under three months.  We work in IT at a large financial company in relatively senior roles.  I am a 27 year old heterosexual male.  My boss is a mid-50s heterosexual female.  The topic of Dancing with the Stars was discussed during a lunch break from an all-day meeting (not my choice of topics, would rather talk about football).  Also in the conversation were two other middle-aged heterosexual females.  

I'm pretty sure I was the only person that took offense to her repeated use of this phrase in the conversation.  Maybe I'm the only one who is aware of how offensive it is and how difficult it must be for someone in the transgendered community to constantly have to deal with this phrase and the ""it"" phrase.  I am perfectly comfortable calling people whichever gender he or she would prefer.

So I will admit I probably should have immediately addressed this issue in front of everyone.  I feel cowardly for not putting a stop to it right away.  I have been thinking about it a lot sense I left work today and am consistently reminding myself of the famous poem ""First they came...""

So I'm coming to this community looking for honest advice.  I lost a lot of respect for my boss today, but I'm not sure how to proceed with this.  Is it appropriate to talk to our HR department, or her boss?  Should I address it directly with her?  I don't want to put my own job or career at risk, but at the same time, as part of a group that is also widely discriminated against (atheist) I can't just stand by and ignore this kind of language in the workplace.

**TL;DR**: boss said he-she several times talking about Chaz Bono, what should I do?
",glbt
Just ask. I'll tell.,,glbt
Westboro Baptist Church comes to California- Dance Party Ensues,,glbt
The Problem with Gay Capital ,,glbt
Pro gay marriage movement vs gay pride parades,"Dear LGBT community,
Straight guy with a question here.  First off, let me start by stating that I support the push for gay marriage and 100% equal marital rights and benefits for the gay community. There is no logical reason to refuse anyone this right.

Now, to my question to you as I have no homosexual friends (that I know of).

The movement for homosexual marriage rights vs the gay pride parade, please explain.  The marriage rights supporters are pushing the view that gay couples are like everyone else and that they deserve the same rights to declare their committed love and lifetime devotion to their chosen partner.  At the same time, the gay community puts on pride parades where most of the participants seem to be naked and that the theme seems to celebrate sexual promiscuouity. 

I have been to gay pride parades before in my small city of residence, and I've got to say Reddit, I don't enjoy seeing old gay dudes with their asses hanging out of chaps on main street any more than I enjoy seeing old straight dudes wearing speedos at the beach.

Please help a straight guy understand the seeming counterproductive activities.

Thank you very much for your time.",glbt
Why I dont understand religious anti-gay marriage arguments,,glbt
Racism in the GLBTI community,"Hi all. Gay guy here. I spend some time (perhaps too much!) on gay dating websites and Apps. Not sure about other places, but here in Australia a lot of guys have things like ""No Asians, No Indians"" on their profiles. Now, Australia is generally a pretty racist place (despite what we like to say about ourselves), but I wanted to find out about other peoples' experiences.

My attitude is that to define what you're not into by race is inherently racist. I find it very difficult to believe that out of the literally billions of Asian and Indian men on the planet, there's not going to be a single one that you find attractive! There are all sorts of rationales given - ""It's just not what I'm into"" - but they are not very satisfying. 

So, here are some questions. How much racism have you come across as a GLBTI person? If you're one of the people who put this sort of thing on your profile - WHY??? Has anyone ever done a study on these sorts of attitudes? And finally - WHAT THE FUCK IS THE STORY WITH ALL THE FUCKING RACISM???",glbt
"The A-List? They Must Be Grading on a Curve
",,glbt
Slings and Arrows,,glbt
Update: the transwoman Avery WON the Breast Implant contest!,,glbt
Gay sex at the age of 14-16 is sexual abuse.,,glbt
help a transgender woman WIN breast augmentation &amp; give an 'in yo face' to conservative southern Alberta,,glbt
"Dan Savage Kicks Off ALA with Message of Hope, Inspiration (Xpost)",,glbt
"To the New York Redditors, from a Texan One","Bear with me here, this is my first post in /r/glbt.
I'm not a gay man, nor am I bisexual or transexual. I'm from as deep south as you can get, past the point where you stop seeing Stuckeys and start seeing Whataburgers. I would like to, at least for me, formally send my congratulations to you all on the passing of A08354. My belief is that God loves everyone, regardless of who they are, and a man or woman should have the right to marry whomever they please, regardless of persuasion and what happens at home. 

To life, my friends! Texas (at least a very fat citizen of it) sends his cheers for your occasion!",glbt
"Bi Guy, Straight Wife, need advice","First some background:
I have been out about 3 years now. Immediate friends know, my wife knows and my son knows. My wife and I have a partially open relationship. I can fool around with guys but no women. I feel I am very masculine in my demeanor. No rainbow stickers, I am not performing public displays of affection etc. but one friend in particular (he is straight) and I will crack off color jokes at each other. I thought the most ""gay"" I got in public is commenting on a guy every now and again and helping her pick out a nice pair of shoes.  I had never felt shamed about who I was until last night. My wife asked me to not be so gay in public mentioning how I said a particular actor in a movie was hot. She said it was awkward and that she felt like people thought our marriage was a front. She said she was fine with it in private but not in public. Now mind you the comment was whispered. I did have the friend mentioned above sitting 2 seats away from me but she mentioned the joking we do as being awkward as well. I feel conflicted, one of the things that made me fall so deeply in love with her is her acceptance of me yet now she wants me to be not gay in public. I still and always will love her but now there is this ember of anger of being told I should be different then who I am. I also have to think of her feelings. If I confront her she will back down but then beat herself up and be an emotional mess. I want to be a bit passive aggressive and act like most of the meat heads out there and act like a male chauvinist but that won't get me anywhere and I will end up looking like a jerk. I don't know what to do or how to feel about this whole thing.  How should I handle this?",glbt
California bankruptcy court rules DOMA unconstitutional,,glbt
"Presidential Proclamation--Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender Pride Month | The White House",,glbt
LDS celebrates Pride 2011: Mormon leader calls for political action against families the LDS church doesn't approve of. ,,glbt
"Stonewall radio speaks with author Denny about his new book, ""Purple Grass""",,glbt
A sincere question from a straight guy to gay guys.,"My question is actually not too dissimilar from something dave chapelle brought up on his show.

Whenever I see a beautiful woman, I instantly want to bang her. it's not something I have much control over. it is the same for gay guys, wanting to bang (or get banged by, I'm not entirely sure how you guys decide who's pitching and who's catching), guys you think are attractive? and if that is, how does it affect you in locker rooms, bathrooms etc.

again, this is sincere, even if it is perhaps a bit blunt. ",glbt
Help with confusion?,"How did any of you get away from being confused? I am a 19 year old guy, only dated women, never really thought of dating a guy. But I have thought about having sex with a guy. A lot. Not someone specific, just thought about it. And admittedly it gives me a hard-on. But I feel off about it later, I feel like I did something wrong. How did any of y'all get over the confusion and think about if you were gay or straight or w/e? Any tips or advice.",glbt
"Would it be feasible to have ""civil unions"" be the only legally recognized marriages in the US?  ","I had this thought a few years ago but I don't know how it would work in real terms for the US (ignoring for a second the backlash from ""defense of marriage"" folks).  I hope you all out there can help me understand how this would or wouldn't work.

What if every couple that wanted to be legally recognized/ protected in the US would need to get a civil union? Remove marriage from the equation in the eyes of the state. Then, if a couple wants to get married in their own tradition (whatever that may be) they are free to do so. It just wouldn't have any meaning legally.

Is this a workable solution for everyone to be able to have their long-term, committed relationships legally recognized/ protected while side stepping the issue of the religious acceptability of same sex marriages? Would gay/lesbian Redditors be interested in this solution? Has this come up before and everyone is sick of hearing it? ",glbt
All you really need to know about the DADT Repeal. (Some DoMA restrictions still apply),,glbt
"Alice B. Toklas (April 30, 1877 – March 7, 1967)",,glbt
"An illustration on Unfair Adoption Cases from Instinct Magazine, credit goes to Michael J. DiMotta",,glbt
"Gay Students at a Christian University Tell Their 
Stories",,glbt
"Today I am having my first gay experience, what should i expect?","Been thinking about it/talking to guys on different websites. Found a guy im very interested in. We have talked a few times and I made plans to hangout with him today and see where things go. I have done this before but got nervous and backed out but today I am 100% going through with it. I;m a bit nervous since ive never done anything besides making out with another guy when i was drunk at a club. Not quite sure what to expect if things get going, any tips?",glbt
"Randy Shilts (Aug. 8, 1951 – Feb. 17, 1994) -1987 interview",,glbt
The Bible’s surprisingly mixed messages on sexuality,,glbt
Straight Guy Living with Gay Guys... Need Help.,"So I am a straight male and share a house with a gay couple. We all get along great, they love my girlfriend, we all cook together and have house parties together. It's a blast! It's actually so much fun that we've been really loose with joking around eachother... they'll say ""look at us queers, decorating the house again"", ""this thing is broken... good thing we have a straight living here"" and sometimes I'll chime in with the same jokes, ""What are you queers up to later""?

Anyway, we all think it's really funny and no one is offended at all. 

Here's the question... I was at a Super Bowl Party last night, and some people were leaving.. one of which was a gay couple that sometimes hangs out at our house. I dunno... I guess I was feeling comfortable and yelled out, ""Later Queers!"" Some people were like, Ohhhhhh.... but my response was, ""Me and my roommates joke around like that all the time!"". They got it, but I still feel bad...

Should I apologize to the couple?

Thanks.

",glbt
19-year-old University of Iowa student speaks about the strength of his family of two mothers during a public forum,,glbt
Conservative National Organization For Marriage gets PWNED,,glbt
"Georgia ""House Of Mercy"" Homeless Shelter Refuses To Serve Gay And Lesbian People",,glbt
My friends who were kicked out of the Smithsonian for silent protest have set up an anti-censorship museum on the steps of the Smithsonian,,glbt
"Catholic school bans gay-straight alliances, compares 
them to Nazis. (Was @ /r/atheism)",,glbt
"White Dad, Black Son and Raising Kids in a “Colorblind” World",,glbt
"Lt. Dan Choi: Mr. President, you are not off the hook on DADT",,glbt
Prop 8 Appeal Oral Argument Summary,,glbt
Watch: Prop 8 Appeal Oral Arguments,,glbt
The Illinois Civil Unions Law - How it works,,glbt
"African, Asian countries foil UN vote to protect gays from execution",,glbt
What do you think of a GAYSPEAK AWARDS thing?,,glbt
"Male, female or neither? Gender identity debated at same-sex colleges - CNN.com",,glbt
"Marriage Equality Day - Feb 8th - Albany, NY","
Hi Everybody!
 
I work for [Marriage Equality NY](http://www.meny.us) and while I know everyone here doesn't live in New York State - I think its super important to reach out to fellow Redditors and bring MENY into the Reddit GLBT Community. 

As the oldest marriage equality Non-Profit in NYS we hold a critical position in this fight for our Civil Rights. Besides the Annual Wedding Marches statewide,  we also hold an event in Albany called [Marriage Equality Day](http://www.meny.us/med.php) which provides the chance to engage in compelling conversations with NYS Senators.  **Please click on the link above to register for the event** - even though its a few months away, the faster we have an idea the better we can plan for the space and transportation needs. 

Anyways thank you for your time and we hope you'll take a moment to [sign up for our newsletter](http://www.meny.us/signup.php) and **register** for this crucial event in Feb. Thanks Again :)

-Antonio",glbt
What is gay?,"Please forgive the naivety. In another thread a few weeks ago someone posted a comment to the effect that being gay is strictly a sexual preference and has nothing to do with who you may love. In other words, the desire to bone down with a man makes a male gay regardless of any emotional involvement. 

This seems counter intuitive to me. Could you kind folks enlighten me?",glbt
“It Gets Better” video from Google employees,,glbt
Orthodox Rabbi: Homophobia is an Abomination,,glbt
"In honor of the end of Don't ask Don't tell, lets all wear something with a rainbow color for the rest of the week.  Let's be proud",,glbt
A fine tribute to a sad epidemic (cross post from R/Atheism) it brought a tear to my eye.,,glbt
"The ""It Gets Better Project"": Help to prevent suicide by making a YouTube video telling GLBTQ teens that the suffering they're experiencing will pass, that life gets better, and that a happy, GLBTQ adult life awaits.",,glbt
Any lesbians know any good lesbian movies besides DEBS and Loving Annabelle?,,glbt
I'm not gay but... ,"... I'm going through every single comment on the FOX News website, pointing at the screen and shouting ""OWNED!"" (because I'm a huge retard who yells at the monitor).

http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2010/08/04/federal-judge-overturns-californias-sex-marriage-ban/#commenting",glbt
"Target's $150,000 Donation To Fund Anti-Gay Politics ",,glbt
"Rural Areas Are the Hidden Frontlines in the Struggle 
for LGBT Justice ",,glbt
Art auction moves to new venue,,glbt
Kids with Lesbian Parents May Do Better Than Their Peers - TIME,,glbt
"Replace the saying 'Whatever floats your boat' with 'Whatever lifts your luggage', in honour of George Rekers! ",,glbt
"Chickens cause deviance, says Bolivian president",,glbt
Japan won't let trans man have kids,,glbt
Homotopia!: The Liminality of Bisexuality,,glbt
New subreddit.,I made a subreddit for love /r/loveislove,glbt
"Michigan seeks to defy the Supreme Court and uphold its ban on gay marriage, because if not who else will think of the children?",,glbt
Check this list best-hiv-dating-sites-for-gay-men created via weblist.me,,glbt
"Finally, someone is looking out for the poor oppressed heterosexuals!",,glbt
Adrian Peterson Says He’s ‘Not With’ Gay Marriage,,glbt
"Yes, I realize I cut/pasted stupidly, but you get the point.",,glbt
Chick-fil-A Inspired Crazy Plan of DC Shooter,,glbt
Detail of the fagbug from fagbug.com,,glbt
Woodland Art Fair,,glbt
[X-POST] Hey GLBTers...let Reddit know where you'll be eating lunch today INSTEAD of Chik-Fil-A...,,glbt
Southern folk point of view on Chick-Fila...  No kissing in public.,,glbt
"THE FDA HATES GAY MEN!!

PLEASE sign this petition now, and PLEASE forward the link to everybody you know.  This kind of broad-based judgment against gay men serves only to encourage homophobia and misinformation!",,glbt
"""Black women that look like me don't engage in relationships like that.""",,glbt
this is a video i made of for my version of Cary Rae Jepson's Call Me Maybe. This track is called Buy Me Maybe. It's about rentboys ,,glbt
Ukraine Backs Off Gay-Gag Law (For Now)  Law 8711,,glbt
"So you are boycotting Oreo, I guess you have to close your Facebook account now ",,glbt
"West Hollywood, CA is so awesome. ",,glbt
Go Over The Rainbow - 22 Gay Moments on the Real Streets of San Francisco in the 1970s,,glbt
Gay rights in Chile: An atrocity prompts change -- A sad milestone in the battle for tolerance,,glbt
A friend of mine is collecting donations for male to female transition.  Anything helps!,,glbt
It is about time | Obama Affirms Support for Same-Sex Marriage,,glbt
Vice President Joe Biden: I'm 'absolutely comfortable' with gay marriage,,glbt
Father of Ex-Gay Movement admits he made it all up ,,glbt
Trans Community and Sexual Assault/Domestic Violence,I am part of a collaborative of service providers in the SA/DV field working on improving access to our services to trans people in the community and I want your help!  Personal expereinces?  Literature?  Research?,glbt
Do gays have a history of sexual molestation?,"Hi. I'm pro glbt-rights all the way. But my question is this, I read somewhere (I forget where, sorry) that gays and other minority sexualities tend to have a history of sexual molestation. Now I'm wondering if my information is correct or not? I mean I might be dead wrong and/or have been reading some biased study. Do you have any information (maybe even scientific studies) about this? I would help me to refute future claims of this sort if my knowledge is indeed wrong. Thanks so much for your help. :)",glbt
The bears are at it again. New Episode of FridayNightFurlosophy - DVFO (Disgusting Vomitous Facebook Overshare),,glbt
Observations younger attitudes toward GLBT rights movement (has anyone else observed the same?),"I was reading the article posted over at http://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/dfqfc/magneto_at_the_antipope_march_in_london/?sort=new and the ""Some people are gay; Get over it"" slogan immediately made me cringe as there's a certain sort of response from average generally agreeable internet type people. I wound up writing a big comment about my thoughts and figured I'd cross post it here to see if anyone has noticed this sort of sentiment out there a whole lot or if I'm basically just imagining things:

Personally I think that this slogan is poorly thought out, at least for use in the US, as there is a prevailing backlash of straight whites (mostly men) and this even includes younger homosexuals, who, though they will claim not to be homophobic (or self hating) feel that it is homosexuals who are largely responsible for negative attitudes directed toward them for being too open, vocal, and interjecting their sexuality where they feel it does not belong. They'd likely respond ""Get over it? But you're the ones who keep making a big fuss over it!""

My own theory is that this sentiment is being expressed by individuals who's opinions of homosexuals genuinely have been affected in a positive way by the gay rights movement (though they may not realize it). They've been largely uninvolved in the movement itself, but have grown up understanding that hating someone just because of who they like to date is not an acceptable position to hold so they try to remain neutral on the issue but also don't get involved. Because of this they have no real concept of the history of the modern gay rights movement, so their biggest exposure to it would be pride parades or people discussing sexuality or things like that while they get almost no exposure, or have no real familiarity with the way things used to be in 1969 and earlier, the strides homosexuals have made since then or the organized systemic and institutionalized discrimination against homosexuals which still exists to this day - in their own minds homosexuality isn't a problem, they have little concept of how many people (and organizations) still do take issue with it and so they mistake the whole gay rights movement as just being loud shallow and baseless.

It's a pretty weird thing to talk to younger gays these days and find that they mistake the pride movement in particular as some sort of sexual supremacy march. Many of them have no real concept of what it was like to be made to feel ashamed every day of your own sexuality, or hide in the closet for years and years because being 'out' was not really a viable option. The idea that gay people used to (and still today around the world as well as many pockets within the US) are made to feel that their sexuality makes them worthless or even a criminal is so foreign to them that they just don't understand the need or purpose of a movement trying to tell them that they can stand up and be proud of who they are, not just in spite of their sexuality, but actually celebrating that part as well.

These are strange times we live in; I'm glad that we can now have people who don't remember or understand how things used to be, but their little backlash against gay rights and pride movements do show that there's a bit of education still to be done because these movements are not yet obsolete and there are still monumental challenges left to tackle. The worst is behind us perhaps, but our biggest victories are still ahead.",glbt
"Anyone find the idea of Ewan McGregor and Jim 
Carey playing gay potentially offensive or something?","Call me dumb but why do they have to use straight actors to play gay roles so much? It seems like an insult to gay people to use actors that pretty well don't come off as gay, and there seems to me to be considerable resistance to showing ""real gay characters"" in films. I remember seeing Dead Poet's Society and thinking that the actor that played the gay character in that just wasn't all that ""gay"", and while that's fine and happens and all, it seems unfair, since usually in a family like that the person really likely to be more gay and hated, even destroyed, because of it, and not just as a matter of sexual preference. What's the matter, don't they want someone who *seems gay* to be playing a gay role? It's not quite the same thing, but it can be a little like having a white actor play a black role. I know, Kinsey scale and stereotyping and all, but even so...",glbt
Just got introuble at my job for snapping back at someone who was being anti-Jewish and anti-guy thing for several hours. : AskReddit,,glbt
This a friend who is undergoing FTM testosterone Treatments. Show him some love! Part 2,,glbt
The more you know,,glbt
