title,selftext,subreddit
Can FTM have sex with men after hysterectomy?,"I am individual who are interested in anatomy of human body, and I am interested in changes caused by hormone therapy, and surgery.
I've heard that many FTM people undergo hysterectomy because of future risk of cancer(?). I wonder if intercourse between cis gay men and ftm gays still work after hysterectomy. 
You can write offensive languages if you think I make you offended. 

",QueerTransmen
I am LBGT and I created an I created LBGT friendly peer support server - The Island Welcomes You - Come Join An All Ages (13+) peer support server today!,"**I am LBGT and I created an I created LBGT friendly peer support server - The Island Welcomes You - Come Join An All Ages (13+) peer support server today!** 

*\*Mods, feel free to remove. We try to respect the community’s posting rules, but if we didn’t read yours correctly, feel free to remove this.\**

* Active chat - roughly 800 members
* Baddass emojis
* LBGT friendly
* Great staff
* Support for life’s issues
* Venting channels
* Voice chat
* TWO music chats
* COOKIES
* We are looking for supporters!! Ask about being a support today\~  

We’re only missing you, yo! Come on in.

[https://discord.gg/waw4HBf](https://discord.gg/waw4HBf)

\--- we are not affiliated with any subreddit ---",QueerTransmen
"A video I found where a trans guy (Jackson Bird) interviews a cis guy (Cody Melcher) on dating trans guys, found it interesting and encouraging.",,QueerTransmen
LGBTQ+ Cancer Screening Survey (Anonymous)," Hi everyone

I'm a medical student working in the Radiation Oncology department at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Our team, led by Dr. Nicole Simone, is fighting to reduce barriers to quality health care outcomes in the LGBTQ+ community.

**At the moment, we're interested in investigating how barriers such as cost and stigmatization may cause patients to forgo or delay vital health care treatments or cancer screening guidelines.** In short, we want to better understand how equitable, fair results can be best obtained for those in the LGBTQ+ community.

\---

If you have a bit of time, we'd love for you to fill out the attached short survey!

[https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW](https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW)

**The survey is entirely confidential** and there is no identifiable material included in it.

\---

Thank you!",QueerTransmen
Survey on childhood experiences of gender nonconformity [academic] [research] [kingscollegelondon] [everyone],,QueerTransmen
Favourite gay romance movies?,"I love good gay romance stuff, but there are a lot of ones that are either plain bad from a movie-making angle, or they are good but have aspects that make me feel really alienated as a trans guy (for example, I'm actually in the middle of watching ""Alex Strangelove"" as I write this, and it's such a good movie so far, but there's so many scenes where they just talk about genitals in a way that makes me feel really alienated from gay culture as a trans dude).

Are there any gay movies that my fellow trans dudes like??",QueerTransmen
LGBTQ+ Cancer Screening Survey (Anonymous)," Hi everyone

I'm a medical student working in the Radiation Oncology department at Thomas Jefferson University in Philadelphia. Our team, led by Dr. Nicole Simone, is fighting to reduce barriers to quality health care outcomes in the LGBTQ\+ community.

**At the moment, we're interested in investigating how barriers such as cost and stigmatization may cause patients to forgo or delay vital health care treatments or cancer screening guidelines.** In short, we want to better understand how equitable, fair results can be best obtained for those in the LGBTQ\+ community.

\-\-\-

If you have a bit of time, we'd love for you to fill out the attached short survey!

[https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW](https://isley.kcc.tju.edu/redcap/surveys/?s=7PX3XLPMMW)

**The survey is entirely confidential** and there is no identifiable material included in it.

\-\-\-

Thank you!",QueerTransmen
"Anyone go from identifying as a lesbian before you accepted yourself as a man, to eventually identifying as being only attracted to men after you accepted your gender?","I'm a trans guy who identifies as bi currently, but I'm kinda questioning if I might actually be gay, and I identified as a lesbian up until when I accepted my gender, and it's all very confusing. If anyone feels comfortable, I feel like hearing the personal experiences of others might help.",QueerTransmen
Post Op Top Surgery Results (By Miles Berry),,QueerTransmen
"Why lie about being intersex, and not cis?","I used to date a trans man who claimed to be intersex, which is fine, but it felt like he used it to gain above-and-beyond cis acceptance. Perhaps he felt like if he was born cis- inconclusive, he had more of a claim to his ""maleness"", than a natal female trans man would. In any event, though I know it's not uncommon, I came to find that he lied about a lot of things, and I no longer believe he was intersex (in this case, meaning that he gave birth to four kids, and no doctor has found a teste, atypical hormone levels, or other physical characteristics). I also wonder if it matters, when you're meeting people. Some folks are more interested in telling others what they have under the hood than others... What are the benefits of misrepresentation? Can lying benefit the community, or is it just more cis normative b.s.? Genuinely asking.",QueerTransmen
Positive and Negative Experiences in Therapy (Research Recruitment),"Hello,

My name is Ezra Morris and I am a research assistant working with Dr. Paz Galupo at Towson University. We are conducting a research study examining positive and negative experiences in therapy for transgender-identified individuals and individuals with a transgender history. 

I am posting to ask if you would like to take about 10-20 minutes to complete a survey for this research project. Participation is completely voluntary, your answers will be anonymous, and you can quit the survey at any time.

It is my hope that this research will allow me to inform mental health practitioners how to better incorporate gender-affirming practices when working with transgender and/or gender diverse clients. As a trans-identified person myself, this work is very close to my heart, and I try my best to make sure that the data collected is put to good use. 

If you are interested, please click on the link for the survey and additional information: https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/therapyexperiences.

If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me at kmorri27@students.towson.edu.

Thank you for your time,

Ezra Morris
Senior Undergraduate
Research Assistant
Towson University
-- 
Pronouns: they/them/theirs",QueerTransmen
"I [m/22] think I might be gay, I’m in a 4 year long straight relationship, advice?","Pretty much as the title says. The last year has been so difficult for me, my current girlfriend is my soul mate I love spending time with her, however I often feel like I’m not in love with her. I kept getting feelings about men but I know it sounds ridiculous but I never put it together. I’m still so confused about everything. Do any of use have any advice, or what was it like when you came out? ",QueerTransmen
Trans date gay?!,Are there any trans guys who date gay men ?!,QueerTransmen
Need Trans masculine people for research! (mod approved),,QueerTransmen
Testosterone Shots,"Video CW: mention of needles for injection.

Need help with your testosterone shot?
Watch this mini-video of Thumb doing his T Shot (in the leg). 

https://youtu.be/tcsIgJx7EHU",QueerTransmen
How Does Transgender Google Autofill,"My BF and I are both transmasculine. We wanted to talk about some deep things this week but it was really painful. Instead we did something fun and silly. Check out our video for some laughs :)

https://youtu.be/Q-PfcyW86TU",QueerTransmen
Transguys Dealing with Acne,"My boyfriend and I are both transmasculine and we STRUGGLE with acne. We've tried everything but we know its just part of our second puberty.

This week we talk about products that HAVE NOT worked for us and products that have. If you see anything that should be added to the list, let us know. We'll probably try it!

https://youtu.be/KnyQnOWyLj4
",QueerTransmen
Male Hystorectomy?!,"Hey everyone. My BF and I are both Transmasculine and I had a hystorectomy two days ago. Our latest video was about the interesting/awkward/confusing experience of being a man getting a hysterectomy. 

We'd love to hear your experiences as well! 

https://youtu.be/vxBfC-zhWTw",QueerTransmen
Doctors ALWAYS Blame Testosterone?!,"Has your doctor ever blamed your health issues on your Testosterone?!

My boyfriend and I are both transmasculine and in this video we talk about our weird and wacky doctors.

https://youtu.be/NH-3PyPl9sw
",QueerTransmen
Cis Questions for Trans People,"I am compiling a list of questions cis people have asked you about your transness or transition.

Some of the weird things people have said to me are ""so... You want a dick now?!""

If you wouldn't mind, I'd love to add yours to the list. :) ",QueerTransmen
"Survey on Bi Adults' Well-Being (IRB Approved), interested in hearing experiences from transmen, please help out","If you identify as bisexual (defined as “attraction to people of more than one sex or gender; attraction to people of genders similar to our own, and to people of genders different from our own; or attraction to people of multiple genders” Eisner, 2013, p. 20), are 18 years of age or older and reside in the United States, you are invited to participate in a research study about the well-being and positive psychology of bisexual individuals. If you choose to participate, you will be asked to click on the link below, which will direct you to a short online survey. The survey should take approximately 15 minutes to complete.

Your participation in the completion of this survey is completely voluntary and your survey responses are anonymous, meaning no identifiable information will be collected. Your informed consent is inferred by completion of the survey.

If you meet the participation criteria and participate in the online survey, you will have the option to enter a raffle to win one of 10, $25 Amazon e-gift cards. Your participation in this study may enhance understanding of bisexual individuals’ well-being. If you know of other bisexual adult individuals who would be interested in completing the survey, please forward the email/link to them. There are no known or anticipated risks associated with participation in this study.

If you have questions regarding the study please contact the researchers Jenna Brownfield (student investigator; jmbd57@mail.umkc.edu) or Dr. Chris Brown (faculty advisor; brownchr@umkc.edu; 816-235-2491).

If you are interested in participating in this study and you identify as bisexual, are 18 years of age or older, and currently reside in the United States, please click the link below.

[this is the survey] https://umkc.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_83bJc9ey1u12VOl

Sincerely,

Jenna Brownfield, M.A. Counseling Psychology Doctoral Student University of Missouri-Kansas City jmbd57@mail.umkc.edu

Chris Brown, PhD. Professor and Chair Counseling and Educational Psychology University of Missouri-Kansas City brownchr@umkc.edu",QueerTransmen
Discord server - Queer friends &amp; Dating 18+,"I've created a Discord server for queer/lgbt people for friends &amp; dating as I'm tired of not seeing any dating spaces aimed at the queer/lgbt commmunity.

Check us out if you're interested and see for yourself :D

https://discord.gg/KbJdQme

(You must be 18+)",QueerTransmen
My trans narrative short film - please consider sharing! (TW: transphobic content),,QueerTransmen
"Coming out, do read the Facebook post",,QueerTransmen
"Psychology Survey (Men who sleep with men, 18+)($50 Amazon Raffle)","Hi /r/QueerTransMen! I’m hoping you all can help me out with a psychology research project I’m working running. I’m doing an anonymous survey (30 min or less) about gay culture, and I need a sample of men who sleep with men (If you identify as a man, and have had sexual contact with another identified man). Participants are eligible to win a $50 Amazon gift card (chances of winning are 1 in 200, draw entries will be confidential and not associated with survey responses). You can contribute by completing the survey online at: https://tamuc.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_bmgLqqlFntEwCEJ The survey will be open from Sept 18th to Oct. 1st, 2017. Thank you! Thomas R. Brooks Department of Psychology, Texas A&amp;M University-Commerce tbrooks14@leomail.tamuc.edu Dr. Stephen Reysen Department of Psychology, Texas A&amp;M University-Commerce stephen.reysen@tamuc.edu",QueerTransmen
How to pleasure my ftm partner,"Hi guys, I'm pretty new to all this so please bear with me. I recently started seeing a trans man, who is incredibly hot btw, I'm a bottom gay guy he's a total top, I'm worried he won't get to cum while fucking me, can anyone tell me if he will be able to? He's fucking me with a prosthetic. Also I would love to suck his dick but he says he doesn't want me too in case I get put off by the size of it, I have tried to reassure him, is this a common problem for top trans gender guys dating a bottom gay guy?",QueerTransmen
Research on dating app experiences!,"Hey there! 

You are invited to participate in a research study with the purpose of learning more about dating/sex app and website use.  Your experiences as a trans man would be highly appreciated, as transgender people tend to be underrepresented in research. We want to make sure you are represented.

If you are at least 18 years old, are attracted to men, and reside in the United States, you may participate!

This study is being conducted by a team of diverse, sex positive, and queer-affirming researchers at Teachers College, Columbia University who are members of the research team identityLORE.

If you identify as a man and wish to participate, please follow this link: https://columbia.az1.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_dgnwnqAMXXdhbmZ

Thank you! 
",QueerTransmen
"I'm pretty gay, but I'm having trouble accepting myself in fear of how the gay community might interpret me.","I'm scared of hooking up with or looking at men in a sexual manner, even though I love dick. I'm scared of being fetishized (even though it could be kinky, but only once in a while, fuck). I don't know how to approach this. I'm thinking about hooking up via tinder. Any words of advice? Like, general, or tinder/dating related?
Advice specifically directed toward the wayward, punk, and hitchhiking scenes would be cool. Everything else too. Hit me.",QueerTransmen
Grindr and Trans Men,"im so so so so tired of getting grindr notifications bc grindr is just. awful !!!! awful. i just want to meet a boy pls dont fetishize and/or misgender and harass me.

queer dudes how do u meet the nice gay boys w/o all of this nonsense ",QueerTransmen
The Horrors Of Being Gay In Africa,,QueerTransmen
Survey: Are you a gender diverse (non-cisgender) parent?,"Would you be willing to answer some confidential questions about your life and about your family?  The purpose of this study is to examine the many ways families headed by gender diverse parents have been created, explore how families function, and learn about the relationship between partners.  

The study consists of an online survey and will take approximately 20-40 minutes of your time.  To qualify for the study you have to identify as non-cisgender/trans*/gender non-conforming/gender diverse parent and have a least one child of any age, this child can be biological, adopted, foster, step, etc.  This study has been approved by the Pennsylvania State University IRB #00005115.

If you and/or your partner are interested in participating or want further information please contact Samantha Tornello (Principal Investigator) via email GenderDiverseParents@gmail.com or at the study’s website at www.genderdiverseparents.com. I will send you a link that you can use to access the study. 

Thank you for your interest and I hope to hear about your family soon!

Sincerely, 


Samantha Tornello, Ph.D. 
Assistant Professor of Psychology &amp;
Women's, Gender, and Sexuality Studies
Pennsylvania State University-Altoona
slt35@psu.edu
Office: (814) 949-5351
Fax: (814) 949-5161
https://www.facebook.com/GenderDiverseParents
Follow us on Twitter @GenderDivParents
",QueerTransmen
"We are Trans_Friends, a new Discord community for trans and intersex people looking to make friends! [x-post]","[Trans_Friends](https://discord.gg/GqyB9sw) is a new [Discord](https://discordapp.com/) group that is focused on providing a space for trans and intersex people to meet, make friends, and build community. We even have a minecraft server and community events, like movie nights!

We see that there is a lot of fragmentation within the wider trans community, and we hope to provide a space that is both understanding and enriching, while being a safe space. 

Who are ""we""? We are the mods of Trans_Friends, a collection of trans people who felt that the internet could always use more space for trans and intersex people to come together. We feel that our commitment to transparency and community conflict resolution bring something different to the table, and we hope that the space we've created can help you connect with new friends.

https://discord.gg/GqyB9sw",QueerTransmen
Heterosexist Experiences Study,"Hi Everyone reading QueerTransmen,  
&amp;nbsp;  
I am a part of an LGBTQ-affirming research group at the University of Massachusetts Boston. Here is our facebook page: [University of Massachusetts Boston — the LGBTQ UMass Boston Advocacy and Research Collaborative] (https://www.facebook.com/UMassBostonLgbtqResearchTeam)  
&amp;nbsp;  
We are counseling and clinical psychologists and have developed an online study with a set of exercises to help people process experiences of heterosexism. Heterosexism is prejudice or discrimination based on the idea that heterosexuality is the only acceptable sexuality. Generally, heterosexist experiences are those where someone not straight is basically given the message that being gay (bisexual, pansexual, gay, lesbian, queer, etc.) is wrong and/or that they should be straight. Some of these experiences can be very upsetting and so our study is designed to help people deal with these experiences.
&amp;nbsp;  
We are inviting people to participate; the official study information is below. We have IRB approval from UMass Boston.   
&amp;nbsp;  
Please let me know if you have questions or issues with me posting this study information. I am happy to answer any questions and/or provide further information.  (Principal Investigator: Heidi Levitt, PhD)  
Thank you! – Brianna Wadler, MS (I'm a queer doctoral student working with Dr. Levitt)
________________________________________________________________
&amp;nbsp;  
We are writing from a LGBTQ-affirmative research group at the [University of Massachusetts Boston — the LGBTQ UMass Boston Advocacy and Research Collaborative] (https://www.facebook.com/UMassBostonLgbtqResearchTeam) .  We have developed brief exercises to help LGBTQ people deal with experiences of heterosexism.  Heterosexism is prejudice or discrimination based on the idea that heterosexuality is the only acceptable sexuality. It is similar to homophobia. 
&amp;nbsp;  
We are hoping you would be willing to help us by sharing this information, and in turn contribute to the mental health of LGBTQ people who experience heterosexist experiences.  If participants finish the questionnaires and exercises at the times below, they will receive an $80 Amazon gift card, and if they participate at all they will be eligible for a raffle for a $100 gift card.  
&amp;nbsp;  
In total, the entire study should take three hours to complete across five days (about 20-30 minutes on four of the days and 45-50 minutes on one day).  
&amp;nbsp;  
            The study involves completing:  
&amp;nbsp;  

*A questionnaire on the first day  
*A writing exercise on each of the following three days  
*A follow-up questionnaire two months later.   
&amp;nbsp;  
The link to the survey is:   [http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2582177/Initial-Page]( http://www.surveygizmo.com/s3/2582177/Initial-Page)  
&amp;nbsp;  
Please share this with people who have had heterosexist experiences who may be interested. We can also send a flyer you can share or distribute at meetings. 
&amp;nbsp;  
If you have any questions, please let us know by writing to us at UMBstudyschedule@gmail.com . This study has been approved by the University of Massachusetts Boston Institutional Review Board. If you have questions about your rights as participants, please contact the University of Massachusetts Boston IRB at orsp@umb.edu or 617-287-5370.  
&amp;nbsp;  
We really appreciate your support to better LGBTQ lives.  
&amp;nbsp;  
Sincerely,  
&amp;nbsp;  
Heidi Levitt, PhD &amp; the Heterosexist Experiences Study Team  
University of Massachusetts Boston  
",QueerTransmen
LGBT Fun Reads,"Drag Teen (gay/drag novel)
Carry On (gay/magic novel {it's like gay Harry Potter})
Love Stage!! (gay manga and anime)
One Man Guy (gay novel)
Parrotfish (trans guy novel)
Beyond Magenta (collective trans stories)
Fan Art (gay novel)
Openly Straight (gay novel)
Nimona (gay graphic novel)
Fangirl (girl obsessed with gay fan-fiction novel {connected to Carry On})
Lily and The Octopus (gay guy narrates his dogs life and death, novel)
Sticky Dilly Buns (gay webcomic {there are a few webcomics conected to this seires, there is also one about a transwoman as well... I think.})
Lumber Janes (lesbian undertone graphic novel)
Giant Days (lesbian undertone graphic novel)
Dramatical Murder (gay novel game and anime)
Landline (main charaters sister is lesbian, novel)
",QueerTransmen
Books and Resources on Trans-Masculinity,"Hi all! My sibling identifies as non-binary and is using the pronouns they/them/theirs. They're considering going on T and getting top surgery, and while I've spoken with them a lot about this, my parents are pretty clueless about issues related to gender and transitioning. I'm looking to compile a list of good resources for them and I've found a lot of great books by trans women, but would love to find some (or articles/movies/etc) about trans men and those who identify more masculinely, as my sibling does. If you have any recommendations, I'd really appreciate it!",QueerTransmen
Gay guy looking for advice,"I met Aaron about a year ago. I guess I can't really talk for him, but I'd say it's pretty apparent we're madly in love with each other. About 4 months ago I'd had enough of hearing about his mentally abusive living situation (with his mom and her boyfriend) and drove out to Virginia so I could bring him to live with me outside Chicago.

He hasn't started transitioning, yet, in fact we haven't even really begun to seek out information on that, yet. For the most part he dresses and lives as a man, though neither of us are making a whole lot of money (we're working on finding better jobs) so it's going to take a little more time to get him a proper wardrobe.

I guess I'm just looking for general advice. Especially on how to start his transition. He doesn't have a whole lot of drive right now, which is super understandable, so I feel like doing the heavy lifting will help a little.

I'm in the process of reading through this sub, and I've done a little research already, but any advice, on any aspect of our relationship at all, would be amazingly helpful. I think we're doing okay, but I know we could do better if I was a little more informed.",QueerTransmen
"SURVEY: Stigma Experienced by Transgender Individuals from Mental Health Providers (18+, Transgender, Live in US)",,QueerTransmen
Older gay transmen,"Hi there, it's The Dandy here. I'm a 41 year old gay trans guy from the Netherlands. I was wondering if any of you trans guys out there are in a relationship with, or dating cis gay guys?? How did that happen??
Must explain something first.  I'm 9 months on T and pre anything else. In Holland they want you to be on hormones for at least a year before you can get top or bottom surgery. So far, my transition has been quite disappointing. I pass zero percent! Not on the phone and not in person. Get ma'amed everywhere I go. I thought that by now my voice would have dropped, some hairgrowth might have occurred, or at least some changes in my face. None of that (levels OK). I'm quite tall though, nearly 5'10, have big hands and don't look my age. Problem is, what others tell me, I seem to be too thin (need to bulk up), overly feminine looking (face/expression) and too handsome to look like  your average dude. I used to have long dark shiny hair and I had hoped that when I had it cut this would contribute to a more manly look, but the ma'ma-ing got even worse!
Point is, I have gay guys on my radar, all the time, but am I on theirs? How can I approach a gay fella if I don't pass as male? How did you guys do it? All I want is a gay guy to fall in love with me for who I am (right now) and how great I will look (and maybe a tad more to his taste) in the nearby future....  
Do cis gay guys check out transguys at all? Do they understand ? And can anybody relate to having problems transitioning due to maybe age? I'm really worried it might not happen for me at all. Thanks for your time and hope to hear from you.",QueerTransmen
Bay Area Clinical Care for Trans* Youth Study- Participate &amp; Share!,"The trans-led study is a joint needs- and services-assessment of gender-specialized care in the Bay Area for trans* and gender-creative youth. 

The 5-15 minute anonymous online survey can be found here: https://smithcollege.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_ezCKU4B87en6cNn

Folks who are eligible: trans* adults (18+) who lived in the Bay Area at some point between ages 12-24; OR gender-specialist providers (MDs, MSWs, PhDs, etc.) working in the Bay Area currently.

Please consider participating, and share widely! The anonymous data you provide will help this research be a tool with which to share histories of need and transform them into legacies of care.",QueerTransmen
Bisexual - Why it is so hard to accept yourself,,QueerTransmen
Queston.,Would you date a straight guy if he was just into trans men?,QueerTransmen
Scared transguy teen looking for answers and reassurance,"Hey, I'm not sure how active this sub is anymore, but I joined reddit just so I could get some answers to the questions I've had for so long... I have a lot of them, this might get a little long (I'm sorry). I realized I was trans in the 8th grade, and came out to my parents shortly after. They weren't thrilled, but I didn't get kicked out or anything; I just can't bring it up much. Now, I went through a brief period where I thought I was into girls but I'm almost 100% sure that's not the case. I'm close to graduating, never been on a date or got anywhere within hugging distance of a guy outside my family in my entire life. Putting aside my intimacy issues, I have a lot of problematic questions. 

Does anyone else really want bottom surgery but isn't happy about the... Em.... Unsexiness of it all (I WANT to have sex I know that much about myself at least, but everything about my equipment freaks me out)? For instance, I want my partner to KNOW I feel good, I want my body to work like theirs does... I don't want to wake up every morning knowing I have a penis that has to be pumped for sex and can't ejaculate or god forbid a vagina. I know not everyone is dysphoric about it but for me, I don't care about my pronouns or name or anything... It's my physical representation that matters. I'm afraid that I'll never find someone. Even if I presented myself as a straight cis girl I'd have trouble, as antisocial as I am. I want someone who will love me and treasure me, is as invested in our relationship as I am... I worry I'll never find that. I believe there's at least one person out there for everyone. What if I'm the person who only has one destined partner and we never cross paths? 

I know this is a long shot but... Does anyone have any experience as a queer transguy in Asia? Japan, specifically? A year from now its likely I'll be attending a trade school over there for 2 years, and it's probable I'll get a job with the department of defense on a military base over there because of my Japanese language skills. I know they're more aware of the trans community in some ways over there, though I wouldn't hesitate to say they're treated as a kind of curio. And even though public approval for equal marriage and the like is above 50%, if the current regime stays in power in the parliament gay marriage isn't likely to be legalized nor are gay relationships likely to be openly accepted. I don't necessarily care about that though. There's always adult adoption and I'm not someone with a very large friendbase anyway, so those I did tell would be okay with it.

I'm really girly. Like, over 40 hello kitty stuffed animals and in love with cute things girly. I mean, I'm into other stuff too, like pokemon but... Bottom line is I'm obsessive and either really obviously girly or flagrantly gay. Now see, I don't mind this. I like my fuzzy socks and cute tops and all that. What worries me is, how do you convince people to see you as a man like that? My mannerisms are pretty masculine but for instance, my parents are obsessed with the idea that I'm a lesbian who is afraid to admit it so I just say I want to be a guy. I'm crude, I walk like a guy, I talk like a guy, but even my friends who know full well who I am occasionally get confused when they walk into my room and it looks like an art student and a gratuitous amount of cherubs exploded in it. How do I achieve being percieved as just a really femme guy when I still walk around with watermelons strapped to my chest and decidedly less junk than I logically should have?!

Lastly... Sex. How do you get comfortable with the idea? I'm fine with just pleasing my partner but eventually 'why don't I get to touch you' is probably going to come up and I don't care to go anywhere near my lower half. I can't even masturbate without feeling dysphoric. Before it got bad I'd experimented enough to know I wouldn't mind bottoming, but I honestly am not sure if I'd even be okay being fully naked in front of someone if I look like I do now, and I have a feeling something like a prosthesis would make me feel worse.

Thank you so much for even bothering to read this, I'm not good at asking for help or anything and honestly if it was me I probably would have closed out by now so... I appreciate it.",QueerTransmen
The Difference Between Transgender and Cisgender,,QueerTransmen
LGBT Trauma Research,"Hi everyone! I am part of the LGBT Research Team in the Counseling Educational Psychology and Research department at the University of Memphis. We are conducting an IRB-approved study on sexual orientation, traumatic symptoms, and help-seeking behaviors. We are currently looking for adults 18 years of age or older who identify as a member of the LGBT community in the United States. The goal of this study is to understand how life events and support from others impacts the psychological well-being of members of the LGBT community.

Your participation in this study is entirely voluntary and would involve completing several questionnaires that will take approximately 45 minutes to complete. Your responses will be confidential and your participation will help advance this field of study. Once you complete the survey, you may choose to participate in a raffle for one of two $50.00 Amazon gift cards. At that time, you will be prompted to send an email with your name and contact information to an email account to the principal investigator. This contact information will be kept separate from your survey responses and will be stored on a secure, password-protected computer to ensure that your responses remain confidential. After the raffle is complete, the winner will be notified by email. In order to ensure privacy, all contact information will then be deleted.

If you would like to participate, you may click on the link provided. For confidentiality purposes, you will not be asked to provide your name. If you have any questions, you may address them to the lead investigator, Elin Ovrebo, Ph.D., at eovrebo@memphis.edu.

The link to access the survey is: https://memphis.co1.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_08ophVAWR5XUDhb

Thank you all so much for your help! It is greatly appreciated!",QueerTransmen
I just started dating a Transguy and got some questions. (I'm a Gay guy),"Hey, so I just made a reddit to get some advice. BTW I apologise in advance for my crap writing, not great at putting ideas together.

So basically I just started dating a transguy, who is absolutely wonderful and honestly the best guy I've met in a long time. I myself am a gay male and have no problem with dating a transguy.

My problem is I have no idea how to turn him on while providing a safe environment for that sorta stuff. It isn't essential for the relationship but I'm quite a sexual person so it would be nice to know. But also how do I go about making him feel comfortable and safe with that sort of stuff?

Also he stopped having his period a while ago, there is no chance of pregnancy right?

Sorry I don't know anything about this sort of stuff, and I'm scarred of being insensitive or rude but also scarred of creating a block in our relationship ya know? So I'm really sorry if any of this is worded poorly or in bad taste I'm just really worried cause I don't want to ruin something great.

Also if the best thing is to talk about it, how would I go about engaging that conversation?",QueerTransmen
PhD Adult Sexual Behaviour Survey. Queer Transmen aged over 18 years are welcome to participate,,QueerTransmen
"Hi. Can anyone recommend any novels of fictions,web comics, or manga?","Looking for novels, manga or web comics from a transmale perspective especially if they are queer. I know only of Rooster Tail and Pretty Fly for a Trans Guy.

Any help would be much appreciated.

Thanks guys! *throws thumbs up*",QueerTransmen
interview about gay cis men dating/ hooking up with trans guys,,QueerTransmen
Help the QueerTransmen community by sharing your voice in this sexual identity &amp; well-being study! Chance to WIN $$!,"Don't let your voice go unheard! Please consider participating in this Boston University research study on sexual identity, religion, discrimination, and health. Share your perspective for the chance to win a $20 Visa gift-card. Thank you in advance! https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/BUResearch",QueerTransmen
"Flairs should be enabled now, just click the button on the side and edit it to whatever you want.","Also the wiki is open for editing by anyone right now if you want, not that that's something people normally care about.",QueerTransmen
how to procure a date,"I was wondering what advice you guys have about procuring dates. I didn't know how to approach guys as a straight girl, and I know less about interacting as a gay dude... Plus I'm just generally shit at interacting with people in general.

I'm just not sure how to go about finding a date... Is there a polite way of finding out if someone's interested? What do you guys think of dating apps/online dating? I'd like to go on at least one date in my life if possible. What is it like and what should I expect? My dating experience is limited to movie portrayals.",QueerTransmen
Jacob's Journey: Life as a transgender 5 year old,,QueerTransmen
dating dudes while in transition,"I'm just starting a low-dose of T. My very supportive boyfriend is stoked, as am I. The only thing that makes me nervous is PDA. My boyfriend says he doesn't mind people being weirded out about my looks (I am a femme boy but still I read as like, butch lady? I dunno guys.) I am worried about other people being rude or judgey about us. We are basically going to go from appearing to be a straight couple (joke's on you cos we are both queer!) to a gay one. Has anyone had experience with that shift, especially in the public eye? How does it work with a relationship?",QueerTransmen
This my be strange.,   But  I've just gotten my first binder and I'm not sure if I've got it on right.   Would some kind dear person like to Skype me or Google video chat and help me figure the thing out. ? ,QueerTransmen
"Enact Leelah's Law to Ban All LGBTQ+ Conversion Therapy - need 30,000 more people to sign this petition before Feb 02! (x-post r/transgender)",,QueerTransmen
Just some random but interesting Questions.,"   Ok so I'm still in high school actually.    And my gym class is swimming in march.     My first thought was oh shit I can't swim in a chest binder they have metal in them I would drown.   

 No clue why I thought they had metal in them lol.     Now the question is what the fuck am I gonna do.  Do I just not swim and let my gym grade crash  or do I basically out myself to the class and swim in my binder. 

MOVING ON 

How do  or did you guys deal with having your period.  Seriously I get  super light headed and mean.  But only towards men.    Never figured out why though. 

ANYWAY

I've been waiting for the doctors to call me back for like two weeks and I've started getting paranoid about  it. Thinking like what if mom  answered his call and told him never mind  no therapist or testosterone at all.    


",QueerTransmen
How do you guys go about getting a date. ?,"   I've gone out with one guy sense I'd discovered I was trans three years ago.

His names chip and he's a super tall and strong  guy. He's cute as hell but also not too bright.      I met him in my small animal care class this year and within a month we were dating.     After a few weeks I told him I was Trans.   

    He laughed in my face.  Then whined about not being gay.  Then told me he still wanted me..     so I let him stay 

but he wouldn't even look at me anymore.  So I broke up with him  

And now I've kinda been scared off from dating because honestly I still look like a girl.   Any straight guy I dated would be weirded out by me being technically a guy. 

 But I'm pretty sure no gay guy would date me Couse I'm kinda unmistakable as female at the moment.  

Which sucks couse there's this super cute blondie in my history class I'd love to do the snuggles with.  







",QueerTransmen
What's your type? Do you have one?,"Just curious. I recently discovered what a gay otter is. Whoa. :D Also, what committee is in charge of these terms? Lol. Anyway, I seem to be more interested on a case by case situation than have a type, but I wonder what it's like for you guys.",QueerTransmen
Gay culture and 'bro' culture and trans men,"Where do you see yourself fitting in? I am not a bro and I am not a stereotypical gay guy...so I feel a lot of pressure to have cultural fluency in shit I give no fucks about. Like, I feel like I need to watch Fight Club and actually know the plot to West Side Story. See, I'm so out of touch with gay male culture that West Side Story is the most typical cultural stereotype I could conjure. :( I felt a little pressure similar to this when I identified as a bisexual woman...like I should listen to lesbian musicians just so I would know who people were talking about and watch the L Word. I utterly failed at both. Lol. So, yeah, what are your thoughts about being an outsider to gay culture and other types of masculine experiences? Do you ever feel this way?",QueerTransmen
we need to liven up this sub,"I just found this sub and feel like it deserves a revival. Would be great to see some more action here!

I'll start with a bit about me I guess:
I'm Ash, 20, transguy, and as queer as a 3 dollar bill.
Currently pre-everything but hopefully starting T soon. 
I frequent /r/ftm as well but I feel like I need this sub in my life ",QueerTransmen
For those in the NYC area - a Christmas show,"I co-created a night of theatre that stars a few New York-based transmen actors (and some other people). It's a funny show about Christmas, alcoholism and facial hair. If you liked any of [my queer-themed shorts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zAIqIk7sdnk), you might like this.

http://dixonplace.org/performances/joe-ranonos-yuletide-log-and-other-fruitcakes/",QueerTransmen
I Should Go Out With Him,he ask me to go out with him there is one problem with that this is my first time going out on a real date with some one so i'm really excited,QueerTransmen
i'm gay?,i always thought of myself as a asexual type of guy but latey i realize that i have been looking at gay porn like a lot now i even think a about doing other guy's i wanted to see what it was like to do those type's of things with a real guy i do get sick of Masturbating so there is this one guy that i work with at work he alrght i guess his name is jake he have the straight guy look when he talk he sound like he could be gay or he one of those types that likes to keep it on the downlow i only talk to most of the females at work most of the time anyway since i was to shy to ask him i ask a few of the girls about him i was on my lunch break at the time they all laugh and said that he was gay i wanted it to do this guy so bad after i found that out  i ended up confronting him a few day's ago yes he denyed it he did ask me if i was gay i had no idea what to say so i said no i came over to his place for some party he was having it was only a few people there since ever body else was having a good time their was a few girls that ask him if he wanted to drink with them he said he had to go up stairs to get something he ask me to follow him that he would need a helping hand so i followed he has such a nice place he toke me to his bedroom it was so awkward he just said do you know that today is my birthday i said nothing he ask for the favor of a Blowjob i give him a Blowjob for his Birthday after i left his room he told me next time let's go all the way he smiled at me i stayed alittle while longer then i left as when i got home he sent me a text and so what he said was i hope you made it home safe and thanks for coming i think i maybe falling for you xxx goodnight i still don't wanna call myself a gay guy why can't i just go by straight,QueerTransmen
it's time for some new clothes i could really use some tips?,umm so i'm a 21 year old gay transman i have a Big problem all of the clothes i have make me look like a dyke i need clothing like some that don't make me look like a dyke i would love it if you guy's could give some store name for male clothe,QueerTransmen
bottom surgery tips?,bottom surgery... so should i raise money? could you guys please tell me  some great web site's to raise money that would really help a lot ,QueerTransmen
Anyone in the New York / Long Island area?,I was wondering if there was any single gay ftm men in the New York Long Island area who's interested in dating cis men. My tumblr is philosophical-gold.tumblr.com and my Instagram is @nailrust feel free to add or message me :),QueerTransmen
Seeking trans* participants for an online research survey,"My name is Elliot Tebbe, and I am a counseling psychology graduate student at the University of Florida.  I am conducting a study about the experiences of trans* individuals. With this study, I hope to contribute to the understanding of trans* people’s experiences and health in order to better meet the needs of trans* populations. Your participation is essential to achieving this goal, so I hope that you will take part in my study.

In order to participate, you must be at least 18 years of age, reside in the United States, and either identify within the trans* umbrella (e.g., transman, transwoman, FTM, MTF, genderqueer, gender variant, gender fluid, bigender, and others), or have experienced a gender transition but do not identify as trans* (e.g., stealth). If you would like to participate in my study, please click on the link below: 

Please note that depending on your privacy settings, the Internet host you are using may track and save user actions. For example, social networking sites may record and maintain information about the sites and pages visited and links activated while within network, and may use that information, linked to your identity, for marketing purposes and may provide that information to third parties. If you would like to participate, you may follow this link or you may access the survey outside of a social networking site by cutting and pasting the link into a new web page: [https://ufl.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_86u6fZFYnkZhBBz](https://ufl.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_86u6fZFYnkZhBBz) 

Thank you very much in advance for your time!  Please feel free to pass this on to other eligible individuals.

If you have any question about this study, please feel free to contact us at the contact information listed below. Also listed below are resources for anyone in need of additional support. This research has been approved by the University of Florida Institutional Review Board (UFIRB #2013-U-1296). 

Elliot Tebbe
(Counseling psychology graduate student)
Email: entebbe@ufl.edu
Phone: (352) 327-8864

Bonnie Moradi, Ph.D.
(Counseling psychology professor)
Email: moradib@ufl.edu
Phone: (352) 273-2159


Resources


Phone numbers: 
The Trevor Project 's 24/7 Lifeline:
866-4-U-TREVOR (866-488-7386), 

National Suicide Prevention Lifeline: 
1-800-273-TALK (8255)

Online, live chat services: 
Trevor Chat, the Trevor Project’s online messaging service:
[http://www.thetrevorproject.org/chat](http://www.thetrevorproject.org/chat)

Transgender Service Prevention Hotline Service Online:
[http://www.lauras-playground.com/chat.htm](http://www.lauras-playground.com/chat.htm) 

Additional resources: 

Gay &amp; Lesbian Alliance Against Defamation’s (GLAAD) transgender resources:
[http://www.glaad.org/transgender#resources](http://www.glaad.org/transgender#resources) 

National Center for Transgender Equality’s resource page:
[http://transequality.org/Resources/](http://transequality.org/Resources/) 

Laura’s Playground resource page: 
[http://www.lauras-playground.com/tg_resources_laura.htm](http://www.lauras-playground.com/tg_resources_laura.htm) 
",QueerTransmen
Genderqueer/masculine-of-center &amp; PMS,"I have always had horrible PMS.  I'm GQ/masculine-of-center assigned-female at birth.  I feel the MOST masculine about a week before my period and DURING my period....

Does anyone else feel this way too?",QueerTransmen
how to meet queer cisguys into queer transguys?,"so, i recently moved to that major queer metropolis -- new york city. i thought dating as a queer (""gay"" by some standards -- my interest lies with other masculine-of-center people) transfellow would be a piece of cake in a larger population.... but i'm finding it harder than ever! recently, i've been kicking it with some other ftms -- progress made! but now my question is:

how/where do i meet the cisboys?",QueerTransmen
Gay Cisguy looking to meet gay ftm guys.. but like where? And like how? o.O,"I'm from South Africa.. and I've made some really cool ftm guy friends in my travels, but none that happen to be gay. Where does one find ftm gay guys looking to hang out? And stuff :P ",QueerTransmen
"Gay transman, only interested in other FTMs though?","It's weird, I'm mainly attracted to other FTMs, on occasion the effeminate cisman will catch my attention, it's just usually transguys I'm interested in. I'm not sure if that actually counts as gay but I'm pretty sure it does, I mean if gay cismen can be only attracted to other cismen then I don't see why it wouldn't count the other way around.

So... Is anyone else around here into other transmen specifically?",QueerTransmen
The Illuminated Lives of Gay Trans Men — The Good Men Project,"Justin Cascio interviews Dylan Edwards, graphic novelist, on his new book, ""Transposes,"" which tells the stories of seven real, gay trans men.",QueerTransmen
hey guys!,"It's been a while. I was wondering if anyone had some experience with bottoming (anal wise) I've been toying with the idea and after some expirinemtation I like things up my butt. So when it comes down to having an actual person rather than a plug or dildo, is there really any difference or is it still slow + lube?",QueerTransmen
"is this subreddit alive? if so, hi","hey guys,
doesn't seem like much action in here, but i'm a queer transguy with no transguy friends. poor me. i'm 27 and live on a farm and i'm bored and drinking beer so holler at me if you want to talk about gay trans queer shit or whatever. ",QueerTransmen
"Seeing new cis-man, I was in his circle of friends in elementary school. How do I tell him?","He is the first man, let alone cis, I've dated. I am currently stealth with him (I think, explained near the end). He's lived in the same town since he was 3, I lived there from the end of grade 5 to the end of grade 9. Through small talk on our first date we learned that he lived literally at the end of my (now old) street, and we went to the same elementary school. I didn't think anything of it as he was 2 grades below me and I mostly hungout with people in my grade and never went canvassing the neighbourhood for friends. Plus, he has no menory of seeing or hanging out with any kids that have lived there. Well was I wrong. I went to visit him in the town for our second date, as he came to me for the first, and part of it included seeing our old school. I casually pointed out a specific spot on the playground where my main group of friends and I hungout. He says ""Oh yeah mine too! Jane Doe's little sister brought me there. (Names EVERY SINGLE one of my old friends) and... and... what was her name?"" Well 'her name' was clearly me. I had never paid much mind to JD's little sister, so less mind to the boy she brought along. I stayed silent, and he called me out on my ""puzzled"" (more so horrified) face, and I passed it off as maybe being mistaken of the spot. That was accepted and we continued with our date. After breakfast the next morning we came to the conclusion that we both want to make this official. If it weren't for what happened at the school, I honestly would have continued being stealth for a little while longer. Now here's the best part. After I go home, I learn that his parents kicked him out of the house for the ""fun"" we had in his livingroom. I don't want to stress him out anymore than he already is, but I really can't keep this from him after what happened at the school. There is a part of me that thinks naming off my friends like that was a way to tell me he already does know. 


tl;dr- Dating my first cis-man, he was my neighbour/in my friend circle in elementary school. I'm (almost) certain I'm stealth. We want to make it official. He just got kicked out of his house. What say/how/when?",QueerTransmen
"Transmen, what are your opinions of the zine Original Plumbing? ","I myself dislike the zine because of the exploitation of transmen that seems rampant, particularly of transmen as objects of fetishistic desire. The zine also seems to carry a vein of sameness among all transmen (being that we all look alike, dress alike, identify the same way, etc.) When I read OP, I can't help but feel that what I'm reading is really about Amos and Rocco; their opinions reflected through the men they interview, rather than a real and honest look at how most men live and view the world. This makes me uncomfortable as this zine is fast becoming a mainstream representation of what it is to be a transmale, and therefore claims to represent my life as well. I am not Amos, I am not Mac and I did not ask for a spokes person to represent me in the world. I more specifically have not asked to be misrepresented to society as a person similar to Amos and Rocco simply because of my status as FTM.
What is your opinion of the zine and why?   ",QueerTransmen
Not queer enough,"I transitioned way back in the day before transmen were on talk shows or had support groups in abundance. I did it largely on my own and I told myself when I did it that I would NEVER compromise myself for anyone. Here lies the rub. About 3 years ago I started wanted to connect with the trans community and I being an introvert was not liked very well. While other were having a grand old time playing with gender and saying ""Fuck the Binary"" I am not that radical. I am just a guy. I go to work, Take my t-shot, play video games and go to bed. pretty boring. I noticed hostility form some toward me for not being queer enough. This hurts my brain.  So in the non trans community I am not ""Man enough"" and in the trans community  I am not ""queer enough"" . So what to do? *facepalm*",QueerTransmen
The new EIC at the GMP is an interesting guy. This is one of his first features since starting in the editorial role. ,,QueerTransmen
Luck with Gay or Bi identified Cismen,"I was wondering if anyone had stories/experiences to share about this. I transitioned in the middle of a relationship and my straight-identified partner was not able to handle it. Since then, I've been eager to go where I felt enthusiastic to belong- with gay and bisexual cismen.

I've yet to encounter gay identified cisgendered men who respected that I was also a gay man. 

I've had more luck with acceptance (and, even, interested parties) who were bisexual, presumably because they aren't so heavily invested in body politics.

As a result, I don't even bother trying to hit on openly gay men anymore. Not a single one I have met has been able to handle me being transbodied. Maybe in part because I'm most definitely not a bottom.

I was wondering if anyone has some positive stories about dating gay identified men after becoming passable? Or maybe even commentary on anything I brought up? ",QueerTransmen
Anyone else get shit for not wanting to look like a straight cismale?,"So, for one, I'm 5'3'' and pre-everything, so my body doesn't do me any favors. For two, I'm too obstinately gothy to change how I want to look to make things easier for other people to accept.

I have long hair, which I love, and an extensive wardrobe full of tight pants and silver jewelry. And eyeliner. And there are men who dress this way, a lot of them, so I hate that it's a big deal that I do.

The price I pay for looking as close to what I ultimately want to look like without T or surgery (yet) is getting hit on by straight guys, compared (quite unfavorably) to other transmen, more people thinking it's ""a phase"" or ""just for attention,"" and a lingering fear that when I get the money together, the counselor is going to tell me to shave my head and buy fucking cargo shorts.

How do the rest of you deal with this, if you have to?",QueerTransmen
Does anyone pump?,"There's a lot of talk of pumping especially with DHT cream out there, but little to no documentation of results.

Got any experience/knowledge to share?",QueerTransmen
Share your casual sex stories?,"Since this subreddit has been so dead, please to be sharing your stories about hooking up with cis or trans guys (whether via Internet hookup sites, meeting in gay bars, bathhouses, rest stop glory holes, or whatever else...) When having sex with cis guys, did you disclose? If so, how were you received? Is it different depending on whether you're looking to bottom or to top?

If you were socialized to believe that the world is an extremely dangerous place, and anything to do with sex is especially dangerous, how did you learn to turn off that programming long enough to go home with a strange guy?

I'd be curious to hear other people's experiences; signed, a sexually frustrated guy who is pretty petrified to enter any sort of space that engenders sex between men.",QueerTransmen
"My big, gay marriage: how two transmen got married, and answer the question, why transition to be gay?",,QueerTransmen
"Sighting of ""biological male"" in the wild",,QueerTransmen
"""The stories that your parents tell you can become self-fulfilling when you don’t respect others.   Their punishment of cutting ties to force their kin to obey, can lead to queers and trans people to not listen to each other openly.""",,QueerTransmen
"​

Personal transition blog (FtM/20/Femboy). Looking for suggestions/words of encouragement/etc. X-posted to r/transgender",,QueerTransmen
"Jeffrey Jay, a gay trans stand-up comedian (xpost from /r/standupcomedy)",,QueerTransmen
MichFest and the Struggle for Trans Inclusion    (x-post from r/Transgender),,QueerTransmen
[NSFW] Metoidioplasty results in perspective,,QueerTransmen
Femme needs advice -- her FTM boyfriend is turning gay,,QueerTransmen
"This is my craigslist ad, in which I am looking for cyclist adventurers in the Northampton, MA area. I am a gay FTM.",,QueerTransmen
The Man Who Couldn't Have Sex With A Tranny,,QueerTransmen
home made binder.tubular edition.[kinda tl;dr],"Hello everyone, I was thinking, maybe someone of your would be interested in some comfortable binders that you can make yourself for a relatively low cost.

**what you will need.**

wide elastic.
the wider the better, think, backpack strap thickness, but as wide as you can find it. i found some that was about 6 inches wide at a local knit-stitch shop.

velcro.
about 2 inches wide should be more than enough, if you find you need more fuzzy-on-prickly contact to hold yourself together, add to the width as necessary.

colour?
any colour you want.mine are all black but i don't see why you can't have them in white and in flesh tone. if you feel a vivid purple is easier to hide under your day to day clothes, go right on a head, and also i'd like to shake your hand.it must be awesome being you.all fancy like.

ANYWAY,

ON TO CONSTRUCTION.

you will need.either, the ability to sew, a friend with the ability to sew, or the ability to make a sewing machine your bitch. feisty things, they are.

okay, now measure yourself around the ribcage.don't try to suck it all in or pooge everything out. just breathe normally, and take a nice, easy measurement of your chest at ease.also, you'll need to stand up for this, it's more accurate.
take the measurement from where the underwire on a bra would be on a woman.
i state this only to make sure no one is taking the measurement from under their armpits.

Now, depending on how much you are trying to buckle down, extra length is required.

if you are little, maybe an inch.
if you are not so little. pay out the elastic as you go.

now to add the width of velcro to the equation.
so it's:

circumference of ribcage+boobage+width of velcro x2

this will equate to the length of velcro you will cut off from however much you've bought.

stitch it all together so that the prickly and fuzzy sides of velcro meet when the elastic makes a loop around your body.

now put it on and adjust yourselves where necessary.

if you're a partial to nitpicking about your chest, feel free to wear two at a time.overlapping them seems to be more comfortable.but meh.

COSTS

25meters of wide elastic costs..6 quid.which is something like 10usd?
that's a lot of binders.

velcro, hmm.possibly in the realm of 4 usd per meter.

------------------------------------------------------------------

sorry for the tl;dr, but i hope this helps.

tell me, should i make a video about this where i basically show you what i am telling you here?would that help, because im not sure how well im explaining myself.",QueerTransmen
"Twin Cities Gay Men's Chorus, Songs from the Heart",,QueerTransmen
Seeing misogyny from the other side (as a trans man),,QueerTransmen
What makes a transman?,"What defines a transman, to you? 

What about genderqueers?

Do you match your own definition?",QueerTransmen
"Signed up for Reddit just to join this thread. I'm feeling alone in my new town. I'm interested in meeting/chatting with transmen/FTMs/Genderqueers.
","* I live on the East coast of the United States and frequently travel up and down this side of the country.
* If you live in another part of the world PM me, and if you'd like I'll send you a postcard.


",QueerTransmen
"An amusing anecdote, or at least it amuses me.","Hey all, this is me trying to inject some life back into this subreddit! Don't be shy! Chat it up!

So, about a month ago I was having some trouble with doing my own T shot (I'm better now though!) and iSeal was helping me by doing it in my butt muscle. 

iSeal, is a rather nervous man by nature. He also tends to jump when shocked.

Well I was unprepared for the entry of the needle, and either let out a gasp, scream, or ""shit!"" when he got it all the way in. This startled him, and the next thing I know he's got his hands up and is going ""sorry! sorry! What did I do? Are you okay??"" ....

I pause. Wondering. Why does my butt hurt if the needle is in his hands?

In his panic, iSeal had withdrawn the needle with my dose still in it, fearing he had injured me.

I busted a gut laughing, and he felt pretty rotten about it. But we switched out the needle on the barrel and began again.

So far, that's in the top five moment of hilarity of my life as a queer transman. 

What about you guys?",QueerTransmen
 XPost from Transgendered: Original Plumbing Magazine Finds Its Audience,,QueerTransmen
Casting Call for FtMs and their lovers for a documentary,,QueerTransmen
Porn featuring queer trans men and cis men?,"After watching yet another avant-garde lesbians-and-trans-men movie last night, I'm wondering whether there's even a single porn movie out there featuring gay/bi cis men and trans men. Anyone know of one?

edit: Okay, *besides* Buck Angel?",QueerTransmen
Question,"So I have a friend who's gay who dated a transguy for a brief time and I was kind of smitten by him or maybe just the idea of transguys. It made me start to think about gender in a different way. Do any of you ever think that we'll reach a point in the future where people won't identify as a gender. I don't usually like to think about myself in these terms but I guess I'm an xy on the straighter side of the spectrum. I could see myself in a relationship with a transguy but I'm not gay. I what I'm wondering is this: will we ever get to the point where two people can just love each other and not worry too much about whether their in the right category. Possible or not. What do you guys say?

Edit: All hypothetical btw",QueerTransmen
Comic about a transman and his gay relationship.,,QueerTransmen
Original Plumbing #3 ....Release Party magazine featuring FTM erotica:  The New Gay,,QueerTransmen
An Article By One Rad Dude.,,QueerTransmen
"I'm a cisguy into transmen, do you know of a personals site for us?","Is there a website for connecting queer transmen and the men who love them?  If not, I'm 20 and in Seattle/Providence.  Send me a message if you'd like to get to know me better, and we'll see how things go.",QueerTransmen
"Car sticker for trans men... wait, it's not for trans men?",,QueerTransmen
"He isn't gay, but this was such a touching poem that I had 
to share. :')",,QueerTransmen
"PDF resources on ""Top 5 Reason to Fuck a Transguy!"" and ""Primer on Trans/Non-trans Guys!""",,QueerTransmen
"Article: As A Trans Man, How Do I Meet Gay Men?",,QueerTransmen
Mr. Transman 2010,,QueerTransmen
"Hey Queer Transmen, just wanted to let you guys know about my new subreddit /r/ManLove, a thinking man's gay porn hub for those who want positive sex role modelling.",Check it out at [/r/ManLove](/r/manlove),QueerTransmen
Movies featuring Transmen,"I'll start:

[You Don't Know Dick (1996)](http://vids.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=vids.individual&amp;videoid=27328935)

[Transparent (2005)](http://www.transparentthemovie.com/)

",QueerTransmen
Question from a cisguy: how does the public restroom situation work? ,"For those transguys who have vaginas, I guess you have to go into the stall to pee... Do you feel weird doing this? Do you ever feel like it blows your cover if you were otherwise passing? 

This is not meant to be offensive in any way. I am really just curious.",QueerTransmen
"How did you pay for top surgery and T? Did your insurance cover under GID, it or did you pay out of pocket?",,QueerTransmen
"""Transmen + Cismen = Hot!"" is the largest group on Transmen and Friends",,QueerTransmen
Interesting thread about discrimination against transmen from within the LGBT community. ,,QueerTransmen
Serious question about Transitioning during a relationship.,"When you started becoming aware of (or accepting) your identity, were you in a relationship with a straight man as a ""hetero woman""? If so, how did your boyfriend take the news? Were you able to work through it, or was it a deal breaker for him? 

I'm sort of facing this situation now. My boyfriend isn't crazy about the idea of me being a guy. (We've been together 2 years and lived together 1.) We don't talk about my transgenderism much and things are okay as long as I don't act really butch, but I'm worried that things will increasingly be a compromise on both our parts because he doesn't want to be gay and I don't want to be seen as a woman.

If you have any similar stories to relate or even just objective advice to offer I'd appreciate it!",QueerTransmen
"What do you guys think about transmen porn/pornstars? Do you watch it, or regular gay porn?",,QueerTransmen
Transmen need pap tests too.,,QueerTransmen
Interesting article from Out about transfags.,,QueerTransmen
What is your definition of a transman? ,"I'm just curious about how people define the term. What does it take to be a transman? Is it just someone born in a female body but having a male mind/gender? Or does it require hormone replacement therapy? Top surgery? Bottom surgery? Does a transgender person have to be ""out"" to be considered trans? Do they have to ""pass?"" ",QueerTransmen
Repost: Question for gay cismen: what do you think about gay transmen?,,QueerTransmen
Considering top and/or bottom surgery? Or just curious about what's involved? Here's a site with post-op pics. (You have to create an anonymous user ID to access the photo galleries).,,QueerTransmen
Download free pocket guide about the gay transman lifestyle.,,QueerTransmen
"Penis Transplant? I wondered why MTFs couldn't donate their penises to FTMs, and I stumbled upon this interesting article.",,QueerTransmen
i am in the begining of becoming a MtF and i need help ,Ok guys i am needing help with the most obvious of things first how is the best way to tuck and go unnoticed and second what do you all do to hide the adams apple. I hope this is in the right place if not i am sorry i am new to this ,QueerTransmen
