text,date,nums_dict,post_num,auth_posts,prof_link,auth_img,title,forum_page
"Welcome to the General Discussion forum! We encourage you to use this forum to provide feedback and/or discuss your experiences while playing the Overwatch.Community forums work best when participants treat their fellow posters with respect and courtesy, so we ask that you take the time to read through the forum Code of Conduct and Forum Guidelines before posting.Code of Conduct Forum Guidelines For the latest Overwatch news, click here.For the latest Overwatch patch notes, click here.","
						May 23, 2016
					",,,,,,,
"In addition to the forum Code of Conduct, here are some common courtesy guidelines to follow. While these do technically fall within the bounds of the Code of Conduct, they cover more specific examples of common errors that will lead to thread deletions or posting privileges being revoked.The Overwatch forums are for discussion of topics directly related to Overwatch.The forums here are specifically to discuss the Overwatch beta and related topics. Any topics not related to Overwatch, Battle.net, or Blizzard Entertainment are subject to deletion.Don't post in all CAPS, use a misleading title, and/or excessive punctuation, etc.While everyone wants their posts read, we ask you to refrain from using these types of tactics in order to bring more people to your thread. Let your post stand on its own merit. Threads violating this guideline are subject to removal.Don't use words like ""Blizzard,"" ""Blue,"" or any employee names in a thread topic.Everyone would like Blizzard to read and acknowledge his or her post, and we understand that; however, use of such words in the subject line does not help that come to pass. Please make your thread title relevant to the post subject. Threads violating this guideline are subject to removal.Don't ""bump"" posts.The act of posting simply to bump a thread either frequently or within short period of time is considered spamming. This also includes bumping very old threads for no reason (called ""necro bumping"" or ""necroing"").Petition posts are frowned upon.These are discussion forums, so we ask that you hold discussions. Creating a thread to ask for replies as votes is not a discussion. Threads violating this guideline are subject to removal. Don't post about locked or deleted threads.Posts that are moderated have a reason behind the moderation. It's up to you to read the forum Code of Conduct and these guidelines to determine what you did wrong, learn from your mistake, and attempt to post again without breaking any rules.","
							 (Edited)
",,,,,,,
